Add Your Event Listing
Ogunquit Maine’s Famous Ocean Walk
Marginal Way – Ogunquit Southern Maine Photo Tour
One of the most popular visitor attractions in all of 
 is Ogunquit’s famous Marginal Way. The 
 was once an old Indian trail that is now a famous south coastal Maine attraction. This scenic coastal path is just over one mile long, and meanders along the rugged coastline. 
 us about Maine or share reviews and comments. To feature your Maine business, 
While walking down this historical footpath breathe in the fresh ocean air and take time to explore the beautiful scenery along the way. There are many places you can stop, sit and capture the Atlantic coast of Maine at its best.
The Marginal Way runs along the Ogunquit coast starting at Ogunquit Beach, making its way down to Perkins Cove, where you can enjoy boat rides of all sorts, visit the many shops, or grab a bite to eat. The 
  is one of several Ogunquit Maine resorts located near the famous walkway.
The Marginal Way offers some of the best views of the coastline in Maine. Views of the rocky shoreline with water breaking against the ledges creates a beautiful picturesque view of mist flying high into the air while Moody and Ogunquit Beach stand in the background.
The path is very well maintained and landscaped to perfection with many native flowers and plants running along the sides of the trail. This walkway is paved and fenced along the steep overlooks. This trail is an easy and comfortable walk, safe for children, strollers and even handicapped accessible. Dogs are not permitted during peak times of the season.
A stroll or jog along the Marginal Way, Perkins Cove in Ogunquit Maine  is a great way to experience the fabulous Maine coastline.
Ogunquit Vacation Rentals
 and enjoy Maine Lobster at the best 
Southern Maine Restaurants
Always Travel With US
for your Caribbean Cruise
Jobs – Classified Ad Net
Mobil Convenience Store
Real Estate – Classified Ad Net
Mobil Convenience Store
International Mold Services
Vermont Vacation Rentals
Pets – Classified Ad Net
Musical Instruments – Classified Ad Net
Classic Vinyl LP Sale
Fender Deluxe Reverb – 1966 Original Pre-CBS Tube Amplifier With Spring Reverb
 | All rights reserved.