Related groups — statue_of_liberty  
Statue of Liberty National Monument
Statues of Liberty on Parade
Liberty Enlightening the World
All Photos Tagged statue_of_liberty
Statue of Liberty [1920x1080]
My Slideshows in Youtube -
My Fan Page Facebook- 
The Statue of Liberty (Liberty Enlightening the World; French: La Liberté éclairant le monde) is a colossal neoclassical sculpture on Liberty Island in New York Harbor, designed by Frédéric Bartholdi and dedicated on October 28, 1886. The statue, a gift to the United States from the people of France, is of a robed female figure representing Libertas, the Roman goddess of freedom, who bears a torch and a tabula ansata (a tablet evoking the law) upon which is inscribed the date of the American Declaration of Independence, July 4, 1776. 
Statue of Liberty, New York City, USA.
Thursday 25th October 2018.
Just came back from NY.  I'll try to visit all of your streams asap.
» Statue of Liberty «
» Statue of Liberty «
Taken By .. My Father
Statue of Liberty, New York City, USA.
Thursday 25th October 2018.
Overview of the S.ofL. and NYC.
							by il ragazzo che Ã¨ sopravvissuto ÏŸ
statue of liberty :')
The Statue of Liberty is a colossal neoclassical sculpture on Liberty Island in New York Harbor in New York City, in the United States. The copper statue, designed by Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi, a French sculptor, was built by Gustave Eiffel and dedicated on October 28, 1886. It was a gift to the United States from the people of France. The statue is of a robed female figure representing Libertas, the Roman goddess, who bears a torch and a tabula ansata (a tablet evoking the law) upon which is inscribed the date of the American Declaration of Independence, July 4, 1776. A broken chain lies at her feet. The statue is an icon of freedom and of the United States, and was a welcoming sight to immigrants arriving from abroad. (Source: 
Die Freiheitsstatue ist eine von Frédéric-Auguste Bartholdi geschaffene neoklassizistische Kolossalstatue bei New York. Sie steht auf Liberty Island im New Yorker Hafen, wurde am 28. Oktober 1886 eingeweiht und ist ein Geschenk des französischen Volkes an die Vereinigten Staaten. Die Statue ist seit 1924 Teil des Statue of Liberty National Monument und seit 1984 als Weltkulturerbe der UNESCO klassifiziert. (Quelle: 
Statue of Liberty, New York City, USA.
Thursday 25th October 2018.
Statue of liberty @ the twilight zone
The status of liberty, located on the artificial island of Odaiba, near Tokyo, Japan. A great place to enjoy some weird architecture AND some nice sunsets.
Have a nice day everyone!
Statue of Liberty - Sunset
							by 3T ( aka; Teri) Johannes
This is the one shot, I am most proud of. I waited until we double backed around, to catch this shot with the sun directly behind the Statue of Liberty.
The boat tour that went half way around Manhattan, and then did a u-turn so that the sights would be seen from both sides of the boat.
Statue of Liberty : New York City
Statue of Liberty : New York City
Bright and early on a warm summer Saturday morning we ventured out to first figure out how to use the subway but then secondly to get to Lower Manhattan past the financial district so that we could catch the first ferry to the 
.  So the question in my mind was how you capture these iconic places in a little more unique and interesting way while at the same time capturing the essence of their significance to both America and the world.  I hope these images accomplish that feat.
All of my work is copyrighted by Wayne Moran Photography.
Copyright Wayne Moran Photography 2010
Any and all theft will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
  if you have any questions. Thank you
Statue of Liberty, Finnish style
Note that while she has no torch, she has raised her both arms to compensate. Also, her furry head-piece is a lot more appropriate for these latitudes than the original spiky one.
The Statue Of Liberty, New York ~ Explore #6
The Statue Of Liberty, New York
The statue of liberty is single handedly the most famous figure in the world, Here she stands in her Green Gloury!
Capturing a HDR of her is quite a task, espically with how busy the location can get during hte day, i really wish i got to visit her at night!
1/500 sec | f/11 | ISO 200 | 20mm
This was fun to conceptualize and a bitch to make. I must say it is a mix of 6 images, and if I had more patience I'd probably spice up the buildings even more. But oh well, perfectionism is a trait I am trying to ween myself off of, and here is my perfect excuse ;-))
Hope everyone is well! I might add more stuff tomorrow. Trying to catch up with everything here...
Another shot of the Statue of Liberty from the cruise ship.  I love how the people in the foreground show the massive scale of the statue.  
A replica on the Île aux Cygnes, River Seine in Paris, France.                             
A notable feature is a quarter-scale replica of Liberty Enlightening the World, commonly known as the Statue of Liberty, 22 metres tall and facing west in the direction of its larger sibling in New York City. Inaugurated by President Marie François Sadi Carnot on 4 July 1889,[3] nearly three years after its US counterpart, it was donated to the city by the American expatriate community in Paris to mark the centennial of the French Revolution.
The statue originally faced east, toward the Eiffel Tower, but it was turned west in 1937 for the world's fair hosted in Paris that year. At its base is a commemorative plaque, and the tablet in its left hand bears the inscription IV Juillet 1776 = XIV Juillet 1789, recognizing the American Independence Day and the French Bastille Day. Source: 
Statue of Liberty Series - V4, Vintage & Textured
							by Andreas Komodromos
The fourth version in the Statue of Liberty Collection.  This version gets the vintage treatment & look.
Statue of Liberty Collection
Andreas Komodromos Photostream
That morning, I was going to visit Manhattan and Statue of Liberty by cruise. As I just arrived at New York, the cloudy and rainy weather came. Bad weather and flat light made photos become normal tedious. In order to make a different sense, I took off my glasses and made it cover my camera. It feels good.
Thanks for all negative and positive comments. They will improve my skills and afflatus.
The Statue of Liberty  is a colossal neoclassical sculpture on Liberty Island in New York Harbor, designed by Frédéric Bartholdi and dedicated on October 28, 1886. The statue, a gift to the United States from the people of France, is of a robed female figure representing Libertas, the Roman goddess of freedom, who bears a torch and a tabula ansata (a tablet evoking the law) upon which is inscribed the date of the American Declaration of Independence. A broken chain lies at her feet. The statue has become an iconic symbol of freedom and of the United States.(wiki)
my photos are available at
NOTE: All images are Copyrighted by Asad Gilani. No rights to use are given or implied to the viewer. All rights of ownership and use remain with the copyright own. 
A mini-version of the Statue of Liberty.
Statue of Liberty Series - V1, Fiery Sky
							by Andreas Komodromos
The Liberty Collection 
 - Fire in the Sky Version
Andreas Komodromos Photostream
Statue of Liberty Collection
Statue of Liberty at sunset! - EXPLORE
I selected both pictures from my archive to remember this day, September 11th.  May God give His peace to the world.  May His light shine upon us.
 dated 11th September 2011.
Beautiful on black too.
Statue of Liberty at night
Had to go here for this shot!  It was hot and cloudy, almost like Texas weather.  But the Lady isn't in Texas :)
Thanks for stopping by and commenting.
Come join me and like me on Facebook  
							by Melissa - San Francisco Gal
To honor all the veterans who have served our nation. Let their service and sacrifice inspire us to preserve the values of liberty, justice and freedom for all in our daily lives.
Thanks, as always, for stopping by and for your kind comments, awards and faves -- I appreciate them all.
:copyright: Melissa Post 2017
Statue of Liberty National Monument
Viewed from the Staten Island Ferry, Upper New York Bay, New York City, New York, United States
I believe this enterprise will take on very great proportions. If things turn out as I hope they will this work of sculpture will become of great moral importance.
The sculptor Frederic Auguste Bartholdi wrote these prophetic words in 1871, nearly fifteen years before his grand creation, the Statue of Liberty, was completed. The statue was intended to symbolize man's enduring belief in liberty, and to commemorate the long-standing friendship between the United States and France. 
It is, moreover, a monument to the idealism, perseverance, generosity, and hard work of people both here and in France who, like Bartholdi, had faith In the/'great moral importance" of the statue. With the passage of time the significance of the Statue of Liberty has deepened and expanded, until she has become the primary symbol of American liberty, independence and freedom. Standing in New York harbor, she has greeted millions of immigrants arriving in America, and thus has come to symbolize the hope for a better life in a new homeland, free from tyranny and oppression.
Although Liberty has become quintessentially American, the idea for the statue originated in France. It was first suggested by Edouard-Rene Lefebvre de Laboulaye (1811-1683). Laboulaye was an historian, author, and the foremost French authority on American constitutional history. 
A great admirer of America, he had published a three-volume history of the United States, a satirical story "Paris in America", and numerous articles espousing the Union cause during the Civil War, He was the principal figure of a group of French intellectuals who, during the Second Empire, advocated Republican rule for France, 
They viewed American government as exemplary and took pride in the role played by Frenchmen such as Lafayette in the formation of the American republic.
Thus, the initial idea from which the Statue of Liberty resulted was in keeping with Laboulaye's sentiments and political philosophy. At a dinner given by him in the summer of 1865 at his estate at Glatigny, near Versailles, Bartholdi, who was one of the quests, listened to a discussion concerning gratitude between nations. 
Labouiaye, emphasizing the friendship between France and America, commented, "If a monument to independence were to be built in America, I should think it very natural if it were built by united effort, if It were a common work of both nations,,"
Historical events at the time, especially in France but also in the United States, made the construction of such a monument an action of potential political significance. In America, the Civil War had just ended with the republic intact, but President Lincoln had been assassinated. The common people of France were profoundly disturbed by this tragic event, so much so that a public subscription was initiated to fund a gift to Mrs. Lincoln which would express the sympathies of the French people. 
A gold medal was made and inscribed with the words "Dedicated by the French Democracy to Lincoln". This tribute was opposed by the French monarchy then in power; the medal had to be struck in Switzerland and smuggled to the American embassy in France, Republicans such as Laboulaye, who opposed the monarchy of Napoleon III, no doubt deeply resented this act of suppression, directed against a memorial to a leader of a democracy.
Laboulaye must have recognized that the construction of a great monument to Liberty would constitute a statement of strong political belief, one which would strengthen the image of republicanism in France. Thus, the construction of the Statue of Liberty had distinct propagandists overtones. By 1877, after much political turmoil, the ends sought by Laboulaye and other Republicans were achieved- monarchy was overturned and the Third Republic founded.
By 1871 positive steps toward the creation of the statue were taken, Bartholdi, who never lost interest in the project, had however, been occupied in the political difficulties of France, He fought in the Franco-Prussian War and witnessed the heartbreak!ng loss of his native Alsace to the enemy. In 1871, the war at an end, he determined on the advice of Laboulaye to visit the United States.
 He sailed in June on the Pereire. armed with instructions and letters of introduction, and well-prepared to study America's reactions to the proposed monument. He travelled extensiveIy-**as far west as San Francisco-enjoying all that he encountered. He met with many prominent men, including President U, S, Grant, Senator Charles Sumner, and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Everywhere he discussed the statue he received enthusiastic response. 
Upon his return to France in the fall he was able to report positively on American interest; he had, in addition, selected the site for the monument —Bedloe's Island in New York harbor, at the threshold of the New World.
The precise theme of the monument had also been determined—a statue of colossal proportions entitled "Liberty Enlightening the World". Liberty was to shed a guiding light on Europe—and especially France—from the shores of America where she was already firmly ensconced. 
Bartholdi began making a series of small studies in clay. In these one can follow the gradual formulation and refinement of the figure which from the very beginning depicted a draped female figure holding a torch aloft, Marvin Trachtenberg in his excellent study The Statue of Liberty (1976) has pointed out that Liberty bears a striking resemblance to an earlier project—never realized—on which Bartholdi had been at work in the late 1860s.
 This was to be a lighthouse on the Suez Canal in the form of a female figure holding a torch in her upraised hand, and entitled "Progress; Egypt Bearing Light to Asia". Bartholdi himself was never eager to discuss this similarity. Clearly he had found it expedient to adapt the unfulfilled Suez project, on which he had worked intensely, to a new use in America. The transition was, in any event, gracefully accomplished.
In 1871 when Frederic Augusta Bartholdi (1834-1904) began to work in earnest on the Statue of Liberty, he was thirty-seven years old. He had been born in Col mar, a city in Alsace and came from a respected middle class family. Raised by his widowed mother, a strong-willed woman, Bartholdi remained deeply attached to her throughout his life—the face of the Statue of Liberty was modeled after hers. 
Bartholdi had a sound artistic training, first studying with the painter Ary Scheffer, a weII-known Parisian society portraitist, and later with the sculptors J, F, Soitoux and Antoine Etex. His first major commiisslon, In 1855, was for an over life-size portrait of General Jean Rapp, a native of CoImar. 
In 1856 the young Bartholdi made a pleasure trip to Egypt where he was deeply impressed Dy the monumental scuiptures of antiquity—their permanence and "imperturbable majesty". Thereafter, in his own work he expressed a love for the colossal, the most dramatic example done before the Statue of Liberty being the great granite Lion of BeIfort (1875-1880) which was a monument to the heroic defenders during The Franco-Prussian War of that Alsatian town.
This monument also reveals the second theme which characterized much of Bartholin sculpture. After the loss of his homeland to the Prussians, he became an ardent patriot and believer in freedom. The themes of his work reflect Ms political idealism. Two examples are in New York City, the statue of Lafayette in Union Square and the monument to Lafayette and Washington in Morningside Park,
By 1875 Bartholdi was ready to begin the actual construction of the statue. The funding of this great enterprise was the responsibility of a group formed In November of I875, the Franco-American Union, This group, headed by Laboulaye, numbered in its ranks many men who not only contributed money but also helped with the administration of the project. 
They decided that France should contribute the statue, America, the pedestal on which it rests. It was hoped that the statue would be ready in time for presentation in 1876, America's centennial year; but fund raising was a laborious process and the statue itself was a work requiring much patient, meticulous labor and calculation. 
At a great banquet in the Hotel du Louvre, the funding campaign was initiated. Large donations were made by cities, including Paris and Le Havre, and the Free Masons made a substantial contribution. The famed composer C. F. Gounod created a cantata "Liberté eclairant |e monde" which was presented in a benefit performance at the Paris Opera. A lottery selling 300,000 chances and smaller scaled money-making schemes were organized. The $400,000 required was finally amassed in 1881. 
All this had been donated by the French people; the national government was not approached and did not contribute a single centime.
The first clay models of the Statue of Liberty were only a few inches high; the actual statue was to be 151 feet tall, the head alone ten feet wide. As money was collected, Bartholdi, directing a team of skilled craftsmen, began the complicated process of construction. They worked in Paris within the cavernous ateliers of Gaget, Gauthier & Co. in which other colossal statues had been assembled, most notably the Vercinouetor ix by Millet of 1865. 
Liberty was to be made from sheets of beaten copper, only 3/32 of an inch thick. This metal was chosen for its relative lightness, and yet the statue weighs approximately one hundred tons. A clay model 1.25 meters high was enlarged twice to about II meters in height, roughly one fourth the size of the finished work. Then, section by section, this model was enlarged to full-scale, a formidable task Involving more than 9000 measurements for each enlargement. 
From a set of full-scale plaster fragments carpenters then constructed wooden molds upon which the copper was hammered into shape. More than 300 separate sheets of copper were riveted together to form Liberty.
This enormous figure of very thin copper was not self-supporting. It required a system of internal bracing. Colossal statues in former times had been constructed around massive heavy supports; for example, the 17th-century statue, S. Carlo Borromeo. over 23 meters tall, is built around an enormous masonry pier. The great engineering advances of 19th century made a new approach possible for the Statue of Liberty. 
The first structural specialist consulted was the eminent E, E. Viollet-le-Duc, with whom Bartholdi had studied. Viollet-le-Duc suggested an Ironwork armature above a system of compartments filled with sand. This scheme was not, however, employed since Viollet-le-Ouc died in 1879; the responsibility for the interior structure of Liberty was passed on to Gustave Eiffel, a contemporary of Bartholdi and the most brilliant French engineer of his day.
Gustave Eiffel (1832-1923) began his career working for railroad companies and was especially concerned with the construction of iron bridges, such as the Pont du Garabit, a spectacular structural triumph achieving its beauty through frankly expressed design and vast scale. 
He was also involved in the design of exposition buildings—Including the one In which Liberty's head was displayed at the Paris Exposition of 1878—as well as railroad stations and department stores. He is, of course, best remembered for his tower in Paris, erected for the Paris Exhibition of 1889—a grand display piece of little practical value, disliked by the majority of his contemporaries but now rightly considered a masterpiece. It is a symbol of Paris much as Liberty is a symbol of New York.
The Statue of Liberty presented an entirely new problem in design for Eiffel. Not only must the interior armature support the great weight of the copper shell including the upthrust arm, but also, since the statue was to stand unprotected in New York harbor, it must be capable of withstanding high winds, moisture and changes of temperature. 
Eiffel designed a central wrought-iron pylon with strong angle girders placed at the four corners from which supplementary angle beams project for the attachment of bracing and secondary structure. Diagonal bracing reinforces the entire pylon. An asymmetrically placed girder forms the core of the torch arm. From this central tower a lightweight trusswork system is joined to the interior of the copper shell. 
This trusswork was an especially ingenious aspect of the design; the Individual thin Iron members are flexible and act like springs which allow for thermal expansion and contraction as well as resistance to wind pressure. This interior framework supports each section of the copper statue Independently, and no copper plate places weight upon another. If the iron of the framework and the copper of the statue were in direct contact, an electric current would be generated. 
This phenomenon is called galvanic action. To guard against it Eiffel included Insulation composed of asbestos Impregnated with shellac. He also included a double stairway which leads up 168 steps to the head which contains a series of windows beneath the rays of the crown. The arm supporting the torch was also provided with a stairway (closed since 1916).
While Bartholdi and Eiffel were at work in Paris, Americans were also at work planning the pedestal and raising funds. In 1877 Congress had agreed to accept the statue and provide a site, but, as in France, the Federal government did not contribute to expenses. 
Patrons including prominent New Yorkers such as WiIIiam Evarts ana John Jay organized a committee through the Union League club to solicit contributions. As of 1876, however, when the completed arm and torch of Liberty were displayed in Philadelphia at the Centennial Exposition (and later in Madison Square in New York) in order to encourage donations, very little money had been collected. 
In January of 1877 the American Committee was formed with William Evarts as Chairman, Henry F, Spaulding, Treasurer, and Richard Butler, Secretary, Still the American public remained apathetic, even skeptical, despite benefit stage performances, an art auction, a poetry contest, and other appeals. 
This lack of enthusiasm was in part the result of misapprehensions on the part of the American public, the most prevalent being that the statue was a gift to New York and not the nation. 
By 1885, only half the money needed had been collected, almost all had already beer, spent, the pedestal was unfinished, the situation grim indeed.
It was at this juncture that Joseph Pulitzer, owner and editor of The New York World newspaper, took a strong interest in the statue. Pulitzer, a native of Hungary, came to America in 1864, fought in the Civil War, then married well and became active in politics. By 1883 he was able to take over The World, and began a highly successful campaign to make it "the people's paper", Pulitzer, In March of 1885, called the inability to raise funds for the Liberty project a disgrace, severely criticized the rich of the country for not coming to the rescue, and appealed to the masses for contributions. 
He daily published names and the amounts of donation, however small, and in less than five months over 121,000 donors had contributed the $100,000 needed.
The Federal government authorized General W, T, Sherman to designate the site for the monument, and In accordance with Bartholdi's wishes he selected Bedlo^'s Island, The eleven point star-shaped Fort Wood had been built on the Island as part of New York's defense system for the War of 1812, and it was agreed that the pedestal for the statue should be erected atop. The American Committee appointed General Charles Stone as chief engineer and Richard Morris Hunt as architect.
Charles Pomeroy Stone (1825-1887) fought in the Civil War and from 1870 to 1883 served in the Egyptian Army, He also worked in both Virginia and Florida as an engineer and there gained valuable experience which equipped him well in dealing with the Liberty project.
Excavation began in April of 1883, and work progressed more slowly than anticipated since the Fort was more solidly built than old plans and drawings had suggested. At the center of the Fort the foundation was laid. This consisted of an enormous, almost solid, tapering block of concrete fifty-three feet deep and ninety-one feet square upon which was to rest the pedestal itself. 
The cornerstone was laid in August of 1884, but construction had to be halted soon after for lack of funds. Work resumed after Pulitzer's campaign of 1885, The pedestal has thick concrete wails with stone facing. To solidly anchor the statue on this massive base, Stone laid great pairs of steel i-beams horizontally In the. walls at the foot of the pedestal and a second matching set, at the top. Wrought-iron eye-bars were carried down through the base to anchor Eiffel's structure to the steel girders.
Although Bartholdi himself had prepared plans for the pedestal, the decision to incorporate Fort Wood made a new design necessary. The celebrated New York architect Richard Morris Hunt donated his services. Hunt (1828-1895) was the first American to study at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in Paris. 
New York's most prominent architect during the later 19th century, he is best remembered for his opulent city chateaux and grand Newport houses commissioned by the rich and fashionable of New York. He also designed numerous commercial buildings such as No. 478-82 Broadway located within the SoHo-Cast Iron Historic District, and buildings for cultural institutions, including the Fifth Avenue section of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a designated New York City Landmark.
Liberty had already been completed while construction of the pedestal continued, The statue was temporarily erected in Paris where it caused great excitement, and was then disassembled, carefully packed in hundreds of specially designed crates, and loaded on board the ship Isere, lent by the French government. The Isere arrived off Sandy Hook in May of 1885 and soon after her arrival
The erection of the statue began. The base was completed in April of 1886 and a grand Inauguration ceremony took place on October 28, 1886. The face of Liberty was draped with" the French flag, and Bartholdi himself loosed the unveiling cords. 
President Grover Cleveland accepted the statue In a moving speech in which he stated, "We shall not forget that Liberty has made here her home, nor shall her chosen altar be neglected."
Since 1886 Liberty has majestically surveyed the harbor. With the passage of time the statue has acquired a handsome green, patina which contrasts effectively with the crown granite of the pedestal. Liberty directs her gaze out to sea, her right arm bearing aloft the torch, her left clasping a tablet Inscribed July Fourth, 1776—the date of the founding of the American republic.
This stately female figure is clothed in classical draperies, a mantle fastened at her left shoulder. She wears sandals and tramples a broken shackle, a gesture representing triumph over tyranny. She has classical, severely handsome features, and her hair is bound in an elaborate bun ot the nape of the neck, 
A radiant crown adorns her head, which like the torch is brilliantly illuminated at night. Liberty is best viewed from a passing ship for only then can one fully appreciate her monumental dignity end the subtleties of her pose. She appears to stand proudly erect and still if seen frontally, while from the left, one Is aware of the dynamic and dramatic forward thrust of her body.
The pedestal, a monumental architectural form, raises Liberty nearly ninety feet above Fort Wood, Hunt was faced with the task of assimilating his design to both the fortress and the statue—the base must dominate the fort without overwhelming the statue above* His admirable solution Is a boldly-scaled, four-sided structure, executed in rusticated and smooth faced granite, with forceful neo-Grec detail. 
The entire rusticated socle including the double stairways at the north and south facades are now obscured by the recent museum addition. Doorways at each side are surmounted by heavy unornamented projecting pediments and flunked by smooth pilasters with circular shields, A frieze of forty shields, symbolizing the forty states then in the Union, encircles the base below a base-molding with widely spaced pedimental motifs, which echo the form of the doorway pediments. 
Above this Is the shaft of the pedestal, treated Identically on all four sides, and consisting of a deeply recessed loggia set above stone panels and flanked by heavily rusticated walls at the corners. The smooth stone panels were originally planned to contain inscriptions. The four piers of the loggia are incised in the manner of triglyphs and have capitals of simplified Doric form, A narrow continuous molding separates the panels from the loggias and lends emphasis to the batter of the walls. 
The rustication flanking the loggias is beautifully treated with projecting rough-hewn blocks which contrast effectively with the deeply recessed joints. An additional refinement is the beveled effect at the corners. This rusticated masonry is in keeping with the scale of the old fort below.
An observation platform behind a bold parapet, punctuated with arched uprights, crowns the pedestal, -From this vantage point one has a magnificent view of the harbor and, gazing upward, an astonishing glimpse of 1.iberty in all her colossal splendour.
During Liberty's ninety-year history a number of additions and changes to the monument have been made. In 1903 the famed poem "The New Colossus", written by Emma Lazarus In 1883, was inscribed on a tablet and affixed to the pedestal. 
Elevators were first installed in 1908-09, The torch was redesigned In 1916 and the original copper replaced with yellow-tinted glass. This change was executed by Gutzon Borglum, the sculptor well-known for his monumental presidential portraits carved in the living rock of Mount Rushmore in South Dakota. 
A new exterior lighting system has recently been Installed in honor of the Bicentennial celebration. In 1956 plans for the American Museum of Immigration at the base of the statue were announced, and the museum was opened in 1972, The monument was first placed under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service in 1933, and is today beautifully maintained under its direction.
Millions, of Americans have visited the Statue of Liberty, and today she continues to amaze and delight the crowds that daily cross from New York to the island by ferry. Liberty stands as a reminder of international friendship, of the abiding belief In freedom, as well as of the ideals which Americans have long cherished. The symbol of American liberty and of our heritage, she is a truly grand and inspirational figure.
Emma Lazarus (1849-1887), a member of a wealthy New York family, began writing poetry in her early te-sns. Ralph Waldo Emerson encouraged her work and she published numerous volumes of both poetry and prose. The persecution of Russian Jews during 1879-83 deeply distressed her and when refugees to America began arriving in New York she helped to organize relief efforts. 
In 1883 she composed "The New Colossus", a stirring poem which casts the Statue of Liberty in the role of a welcoming and sheltering "Mother of Exiles", The final five lines of this inspirational poem have become so famous that millions Of Americans know them by heart.
Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land; Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and h^r name Mother of Exiles, From her beacon-hand Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame. "Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp" cries she With silent lips, "Give me your tired, your poor. Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"
History of the Island
Renamed Liberty Island in honor of the Statue in 1956, this small island, approximately 12 acres, is one of a group located in New York harbor near the mouth of the Hudson River. First called Minnissais by the Indians, it has at times been known as Great Oyster, Love, Kennedy's, and Corporation Island as well as Bedloe's Island the name it held longest. Isaak Bedloe a "select burgher" of New Amsterdam, owned the island in the 17th century.
 His daughter Mary sold it in 1732, and it was then used at various times as a quarantine station. In 1746 Archibald Kennedy purchased the island and built a summer residence there. During the Revolutionary War it was used as a refuge for Tory sympathizers.
When plans were made by the Federal government to erect fortifications in New York harbor, the island was selected as a suitable site. A land battery in the shape of an eleven-point star was constructed between 1806 and 1811 on top of old existing fortifications. 
After the War of 18l2 it was named in honor of the war hero Colonel Eleazer D, Wood. Fort Wood and the entire island were under the control of the War Department until the Liberty project was undertaken. When Liberty was completed the land on which- she stood was managed oy the Lighthouse Board until 1901 when it reverted to the control of the War Department.
In 1937, by Presidential proclamation, the National Park Service was granted jurisdiction over the island. While located within New Jersey territorial waters, the island itself has been considered since the late 17th century a part of New York City. An agreement of 1834 provides that the island is in New York State above the mean low-water mark, and in New Jersey below it, thereby granting New Jersey riparian rights.
- From the 1976 NYCLPC Landmark Designation Report
Norway's Statue of Liberty
Visnes has a local copper mine that provided material for the Statue of Liberty in New York City. Tests were made at the Bell laboratory in USA in 1986 which concluded that this was true, some says this isn't true tho..
They who meant this to be true wanted to place this statue where the mines were, to honor the past history.
The copper at this site was first discovered in 1865. Visnes was the site of one of the most active of the Norwegian copper mines in history. During the 1870s, it was the largest copper mine in Norway.
Cool huh :sunglasses: 
Statue of Liberty in Odaiba (お台場) Tokyo Japan
The view of a replica of the Statue of Liberty in Odaiba (お台場) with Tokyo city skyline and Rainbow Bridge in the back, in Tokyo Japan.
Model: Sony NEX-5N, Shutter Speed: 1/800 sec, Aperture: f/6, Focal Length: 50mm, ISO: 100
Lens: Metabones Sony A-mount to NEX Speed Booster Adapter + Sony 50mm f/1.4 Lens Alpha Mount (SAL50F14).
Taken some time ago with a point and shoot.
Statue Of Liberty -  Paris
"Statue of Liberty" - New York
A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL MY FLICKR FRIENDS
Statue of Liberty, New York
Estátua da Liberdade em Tóquio Odaiba.
Statue of Liberty Plaza, Seattle, Washington
Unveiled on Sept. 6, 2008 this Statue of Liberty is found in Seattle Statue of Liberty Plaza located in Alki, Washington. Alki Beach was made famous in a scene from the movie "Sleepless in Seattle" where Tom Hanks flies a kite with his son.
All my photographs are :copyright: Copyrighted and All Rights Reserved. None of these photos may be reproduced and/or used in any form of publication, print or the Internet without my written permission.
Statue of Liberty at Sunset from Battery Park
Large version is available for download.
© All rights reserved
Che Guevara Mausoleum / Santa Clara / Cuba
Das ist das erste meiner Bilder, das es zu Explore geschafft hat: 
This one was my first picture ever to make it to Explore: 
Statue of Liberty/New York