Expat Life / Living Abroad
Travel Bloggers Influencer Network – #TBIN
 Three of Our Favorite Vacation Destinations in the USA					
The United States of America is one of the most popular travel destinations in the world. With so many diverse landscapes and environments, it’s no wonder 77.6 million people visit every year.
However, with so many places to visit and so many great things to do, you would be gone for a lifetime if you tried to see the whole country in one trip. So if you’re struggling to pick a vacation spot, we can hopefully take the effort out of planning your trip.
The following are our three favorite vacation destinations in the USA. We hope they’ll be yours too!
The Big Apple – New York City
Things You Should Know About Staying in New York City Hotels
The ever-evolving cosmopolitan city of New York is a modern spectacle that every traveler should behold. New York City is known for its impressive skyline of skyscrapers reaching for the heavens, and its diverse culture that comes from a city that was built by an immigrant labor force.
Every borough of New York City is unique. The elite high society and home of capitalism that is Manhattan island, the rugged feel of Brooklyn, Queens and The Bronx, the isolation of the beaches that line Staten Island.
Start your trip to New York by driving over the Brooklyn bridge and into the city. Take a walk through Central Park and gaze in the windows of the luxury stores that line 5th Avenue. Spend your afternoon eating some lunch on the balcony of an iconic hotel and watch the sun fade over the skyline as you sip on a cocktail.
Take to the streets in the evening, stroll down Broadway and take in a show. Visit Times Square and marvel at the neon signs that illuminate the crisp night air. No trip to the United States should end without visiting the world’s most famous city.
The Ski Slopes of Aspen
Essential Ski Resort Questions for First-Timers and Beginners
Do you dream of a winter wonderland where anything is possible? Aspen is the embodiment of the dream and a literal living snow globe. This mountain town is nestled at the foot of the Rocky Mountain range and the towering snow capped giants lay waiting for you to conquer them.
Spend the day on the slopes and ski lifts, glide down the fresh powder on your snowboard and have some lunch at one of the town’s many amazing restaurants. The evenings in Aspen are like something out of a romantic movie. Snuggle up with your partner in front of a roaring log cabin as the warmth spreads through your chalet. Sip on hot chocolate and watch the snow fall slowly to the ground outside.
Aspen is truly magical and has more to offer than just the mountains. Great restaurants, high-end shopping, and interesting museums are all ready and waiting for you to visit them. Aspen is known as the playground of the wealthy and looking at the property on display in the town confirms this as fact.
Beautiful estates and amazing chalets are scattered everywhere. If you love the cold climates of the world, then Aspen is a special place that you have to visit.
The Big Island of Hawaii
How to Choose an Island for Your Trip to Hawaii
Many people have heard about the family vacation destination of Maui, the wonderful intimacy of Kauai, and the surfer’s mecca that is the North Shore of Oahu. However, they neglect to mention the islands big brother, the main island of Hawaii.
The Big Island of Hawaii is a tropical paradise that is wild and wonderful. With volcanoes constantly spitting lava into the sea, the island continues to slowly grow with each passing year.
The black volcanic beaches are perfect to relax on as you sip a cocktail. If watersports are your thing, then the Pacific ocean is your playground for diving, snorkeling, surfing, and yachting.
Take a walk through the hiking trails and connect with nature, the amazing diversity of wildlife on the island makes for many beautiful photo opportunities. Visiting the Hawaiian Island chain is an experience you will never forget.
Did you know that you may not require a visa to travel to the United States? 
 is a visa waiver USA program that allows passport holders from certain countries to travel to the United States without the need for a visa, all you need to do is register your travels before you jump on a flight.
organize airport transfers in North America
 ahead of time by pre-booking online. This saves the hassle of having to wait in crazy long queues for a cab once you arrive (destinations like JFK are notorious for long wait times).
With this kind of travel convenience and the wonderment of America, you will keep going back, year after year, to experience the best the US has to offer.
OUR FAVORITE USA TRAVEL GUIDES: CLICK PHOTO TO LOOK INSIDE ↓
50 States, 5,000 Ideas
SPREAD THE WORD! PIN THIS TO YOUR TRAVEL PINTEREST BOARDS ↓
 Favorite places in the USA 
 Favorite places in the USA 
If You Liked This Post You May Also Like:
4 USA National Parks You May Have Overlooked
How to Make Your Way Across America Without Flying
Sharing Our Itinerary: 3 Month Roadtrip from Phoenix to Alaska
Megan is an Australian Journalist and award-winning travel writer who has been blogging since 2007. Her husband Mike is the American naturalist and wildlife photographer behind 
; a website dedicated to opening your eyes to the wild & natural world.
Committed to bringing you the best in adventure travel from all around the globe, there is no mountain too high, and no fete too extreme! They haven’t been everywhere, but it’s on their list.
If you enjoy getting social, you can follow their journey on 
. Winter ski resort CC by 
 photographer Ola Matsson. – 
. Big Island Hawaii by 
Nice picks! It’s tough to choose just 3 but all of these would awesome choices for anyone looking to see some of the best the US of A has to offer.  I’ll just leave this here… 😉 
Thanks Jim! Definitely tough to only choose 3 from a country as big as the States! I haven’t been to Bozeman – thanks for sharing your post 🙂
Heading into NYC for *another* house sit tomorrow Meg LOL. One of my fave places on earth. We have completed like 20 or more sits there by now, spending so much time at home in NJ these days. Nowhere in the world close to being like The City, and I find new unexplored areas of the place each time I visit. And I have been there 500 plus times 😉 Awesome list.
Love hearing about your house sits Ryan, such an awesome way to travel and experience unique accommodation as a local! I’ve only been to NYC a couple of times, so your 500 odd definitely out does me! But it captured my heart even though the time I spent was fleeting 🙂
We’ve seen many of the places you mentioned on your list and can’t wait to get to NY!
Definitely need to take in NY if you’re heading back to the States – one of those iconic cities a visit to America can’t go without! 😀
Hawaii is a dream destination – I watched Given the Movie last weekend, just bought the LP guide and now trying to work out how I can get Hawaii into our trips that focus on Asia and S America, lol! It might have to remain a dream for a while longer. Great tip about the Big Island though, will check it out.
Nice one, I haven’t seen Given the Movie, so will have to add it to my list of films to check out. 
Hawaii’s around a 13 hour flight from most of Asia, so a pretty big detour, but you could totally make it happen on your way to S America, and then jump down. Why not right 😀
New York and Arizona are my favorite states.  New york is so exciting. It’s so alive and vibrant. I enjoyed my one month there.
We lived in Arizona for a year, and agree, it’s a beautiful State. There’s something about the desert which still calls me. But yes, NYC takes out my top spot because it’s always so darn exciting – no matter how many times you visit! Awesome that you enjoyed a whole month there!
I’ve never been in Hawaii and Colorado but I do agree with New York! I normally don’t like big cities but NYC has that innate appeal. I guess it has something to do being the most diverse city in the world. That it makes you feel that you have a place in this city. And if you survive there, you’ll survive anywhere.
I’m actually the same, in not being too phased by big cities, but New York had this magic about it which drew me in. Maybe it is as you’ve said, that in being so diverse, everyone feels as though they have a place. It really is one of the most unique cities in the world 🙂
Wow I love your list! I loved New York when I was there, but have never been to Aspen. I have to check it out now when I get the chance to see what it is all about. Thanks for the information!
Glad we could inspire you to check out Aspen on your next trip – especially if you’re a fan of snow sports, winter in Aspen is a must not miss!
Never been to USA (yet) but NYC and Hawaii are on my wish list. Thanks to you now I know which Hawaii island I need to pick if I want to see volcanoes. I read posts about Maui and other islands in the past and I was getting worried not to find volcanoes! As usual, thanks for the tips
Glad we could help out, yes, the Big Island of Hawaii is the place to be for volcanoes – Maui is beautiful too, so don’t discount a little island hopping if you have the time (we got married on Maui, stunning spot!), but glad we could point you to the island you were looking for 🙂
Hard to disagree with these choices, despite the number of other options. I love Aspen, having been a few times. One of my good friends got married there, and renting out the top of Aspen Mountain for their ceremony. It was simply amazing, despite a bit of snow during the June 1st wedding date! It’s impossible not to be impressed by those views of the valleys and mountains around Aspen.
Thats the problem with the States isn’t it – far too many good choices!! Wow a mountain top wedding in Aspen would have been incredible! Can definitely see it being cold, but definitely one of the most impressive settings for it! Awesome Drew!
Roy A Ackerman, PhD, EA
Interesting choices.  Glad to see you included the Brooklyn Bridge (my favorite), which was one of the prime reasons that the 5 borough New York City came to be.  Before its completion, Brooklyn was the 4th largest city in the US and Manhattan was a separate city (of New York.)
Absolutely, wouldn’t be a trip to New York without taking in the Brooklyn Bridge! I didn’t know that Brooklyn and Manhattan were separate cities before the bridge came into being. Thanks for the history! 🙂
Excellent choices. I love the detail you added to them. I’ve never been to Hawaii before but I’d like to go someday in the future.
Thanks Rhonda – I’m glad you enjoyed the post 🙂 Hope you have the chance to visit Hawaii at some stage – it’s an incredible destination – really unique to the rest of the States.
USA us indeed a silver dream for most people who want to visit the country at least once in a lifetime. But I guess most people would rank New York as their first choice. However I would love to get to Hawaii. Literally the stuff that dreams are made of and of course the main Hawaii island and Maui as well.
Absolutely – and who says you can’t include them both in the one trip right 😀
This is a good list! Aspen definitely looks like a good place for holiday and adventure.
The passport requirements for USofA is new to me. Helpful tips there.
Thanks Indrani! Yes, definitely check into the ESTA visa if you’re from a visa waiver country – makes entry into the US a lot easier than lodging paperwork 🙂
Your email address will not be published.
 Required fields are marked 
We are Megan and Mike Jerrard. Professional travel bloggers and photographers with a focus on adventure, discovery, immersion and inspiring you to explore!
Your Guide to a Suite Stay in Canberra: Review of Pacific Suites
5 Things They Don’t Tell You About Your First African Safari
Adventurous Activities You Don’t Want to Miss in China
Mantra Albury Hotel: A Sophisticated Stop Between Melbourne and Sydney
Best Camping Spots in the UK for Families
					International Love: Maintaining a Long Distance Relationship
					7 Things To Know Before Travelling by Overnight Train in Vietnam
					Countries That Don’t Celebrate Christmas
					A Travelers Guide to Tap Water: Countries Where The Drinking Water is Unsafe
					A Traveler’s Worst Nightmare: Blocked From Email Communication
Your Guide to a Suite Stay in Canberra: Review of Pacific Suites
5 Things They Don’t Tell You About Your First African Safari
Adventurous Activities You Don’t Want to Miss in China
Mantra Albury Hotel: A Sophisticated Stop Between Melbourne and Sydney
Best Camping Spots in the UK for Families
What is the Most Luxurious Casino in Las Vegas?
Things They Don’t Tell You About Traveling to Frankfurt
Casino Tourism: Two Continents, Two Iconic Casino Destinations
How to Choose an African Safari That’s Right For You
					International Love: Maintaining a Long Distance Relationship
					7 Things To Know Before Travelling by Overnight Train in Vietnam
					Countries That Don’t Celebrate Christmas
					A Travelers Guide to Tap Water: Countries Where The Drinking Water is Unsafe
					A Traveler’s Worst Nightmare: Blocked From Email Communication
					What NOT to Pack – 10 Items You’ll NEVER Need Overseas
					How To Spend 5 Days in Sydney, Australia
					Toronto’s Best Kept Secrets: Best Places to Visit in Toronto
					15 Facts You Probably Didn’t Know About Tahiti
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Even More Articles on Travel