Related groups — daniel walker  
Dead Scientists Society
All Photos Tagged daniel walker
Jepson's Clough Waterfall.
A photograph taken at Jepson's Clough Waterfall in Rivington, Bolton. One of my first pictures with my new Nikon AF-S 12 - 24mm F/4G wide angle lens, a really great lens that i can't wait to get more shots with!
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
A photograph of Ullswater Lake in the Lake District, Cumbria, England. Ullswater is the second largest lake in the English Lake District, being approximately nine miles long and 0.75 miles (1,200 m) wide with a maximum depth of slightly more than 60 metres (197 ft). 
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
							by Alex L'aventurier,
La Malbaie, Charlevoix
Joyeux Halloween-Happy Halloween!
July 15th in History -- In 1815, Napoleon Surrenders
							by  Latin American Herald Tribune
1099 - 1st Crusaders capture, plunder Jerusalem
1205 - Pope Innocent III states Jews are doomed to perpetual servitude and subjugation due to crucifixion of Jesus
1207 - John of England expels Canterbury monks for supporting Archbishop of Canterbury Stephen Langton.
1240 - A Novgorodian army led by Alexander Nevsky defeats the Swedes in the Battle of the Neva.
1307 - Duke Henrik van Karinthi chosen king of Bohemia
1381 - John Ball, a leader in the Peasants' Revolt, is hanged, drawn and quartered in the presence of Richard II of England.
1410 - Battle of Tannenburg-Teutonic Knights vs King Ladislas II of Poland
1500 - Duke Albrecht of Saxon beats Friese rebellion
1500 - "Blood Wedding" of Astorre Baglione & Lavinia Colonna in Perugia family Baglione massacre
1501 - Explorer Pedro Cabral back in Lisbon
1524 - Emperor Karel I bans German national synode
1538 - Peace talks between Karel & King Francois I
1662 - King Charles II charters Royal Society in London
1741 - Alexei Chirikov sights land in Southeast Alaska. He sends men ashore in a longboat, making them the first Europeans to visit Alaska.
1755 - French ambassador recalled from London
1779 - US troops under Gen A Wayne conquer Ft Stony Point, NY
1783 - 1st steamboat, Pyroscaphe, 1st run in France
1787 - Parliament of Paris banished to Troyes
1789 - Gilbert du Motier, marquis de La Fayette, is named by acclamation colonel-general of the new National Guard of Paris.
1795 - "Marseillaise" becomes French national anthem
1799 - The Rosetta Stone is found in the Egyptian village of Rosetta by French Captain Pierre-François Bouchard during Napoleon's Egyptian Campaign.  The Rosetta Stone is an ancient Egyptian granodiorite stele inscribed with a decree issued at Memphis, Egypt in 196 BC on behalf of King Ptolemy V. The decree appears in three scripts: the upper text is Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs, the middle portion demotic script, and the lowest Ancient Greek. Because it presents essentially the same text in all three scripts (with some minor differences between them), it provided the key to the modern understanding of Egyptian hieroglyphs.
1806 - Zebulon Pike began his journey to explore the Southwest
1808 - French marshal Joachim Murat becomes king of Naples
1815 - Napoleon Bonaparte surrenders at Rochefort & is later exiled on St Helena
1815 - 1st flat horse race held on Nottingham Hill at Cheltenham, England (day and month TBC)
1823 - A fire destroys the ancient Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls in Rome.
1830 - 3 Indian tribes, Sioux, Sauk & Fox, signs a treaty giving the US most of Minnesota, Iowa & Missouri
1840 - England, Russia, Austria & Prussia signs Quadruple Alliance
1850 - John Wisden bowls all 10 South batsmen, North v South at Lord's
1856 - Natal forms as a British colony separate from Cape Colony
1862 - CSS Arkansas vs USS Cardondelet & Queen of the West engage at Yazoo R
1863 - Pres Davis orders service duty for confederate army
1864 - Troop train loaded with Confederate prisoners collided with a coal train killing 65 & injuring 109 of 955 aboard
1867 - SF Merchant's Exchange opens
1869 - Margarine is patented by Hippolye Méga-Mouriès for use by French Navy
1870 - Georgia becomes last confederate to be readmitted to US
1870 - Manitoba becomes 5th Canadian province & NW Territories created
1870 - Hudson's Bay & Northwest Territories transferred to Canada
1876 - Baseball's 1st no-hitter, St Louis' George W Bradley no-hits Hartford
1888 - Bandai volcano (Japan) erupts for 1st time in 1,000 years
1893 - Commodore Perry arrives in Japan
1900 - President Steyn/General De Law escape Brandwater Basin
1901 - NY Giant Christy Mathewson no-hits St Louis, 5-0
1902 - Ranjitsinhji scores 180 before lunch, for Sussex v Surrey
1904 - 1st Buddhist temple in US forms, Los Angeles
1906 - Republic museum opens Rembrandt hall in Amsterdam
1909 - Ty Cobb hits 2 inside-the-park HRs
1911 - 46" of rain (begining 7/14) falls in Baguio, Philippines
1912 - British National Health Insurance Act goes into effect
1914 - Mexican president Huerta flees with 2 million pesos to Europe
1916 - 22.22" (56.4 cm) of rain falls in Altapass NC (state record)
1916 - Boeing Co (Pacific Aero) formed by William Boeing in Seattle Wash
1918 - 2nd Battle of Marne began during WW I
1920 - Ruth ties his record of 29 HRs in a season
1922 - 1st duck-billed platypus publicly exhibited in US, at NY zoo
1922 - 26th US Golf Open: Gene Sarazen shoots a 288 at Skokie CC in Ill
1923 - 27th US Golf Open: Bobby Jones shoots a 296 at Inwood CC in NY
1923 - Italian parliament accepts new constitution
1926 - VPRO (Free thinking Protestant Radio Broadcast) forms
1927 - 62nd British Golf Open: Bobby Jones shoots a 285 at St Andrews
1927 - Massacre of July 15, 1927: 89 protesters are killed by the Austrian police in Vienna.
1929 - 1st airport hotel opens-Oakland Ca
1932 - President Hoover cuts own salary 15%
1933 - Wiley Post began 1st solo flight around world
1934 - Continental Airlines commences operations.
1936 - Dutch 2nd Chamber agree to temporarily increase defense budget
1937 - Buchenwald Concentration Camp opens
1937 - Japanese attack Marco Polo Bridge, invade China
1938 - Arthur Fagg completes 244 & 202 in the same cricket game for Kent
1939 - Clara Adams (NYC) is 1st woman to complete round world flight
1940 - 1st betatron placed in operation, Urbana, Il
1940 - Nazi occupiers seize library of IISG Amsterdam
1941 - Florey & Heatley present freeze dried mold cultures (Penicillin)
1942 - 1st deportation camp at Westerbork, Jews sent to Auschwitz
1942 - Dutch Jews invoked for "Labor camps"
1944 - Greenwich Observatory damaged by WW II flying bomb
1945 - 27th PGA Championship: Byron Nelson at Morraine CC Dayton Ohio
1946 - British North Borneo Co transfers rights to British crown
1948 - Alcoholic Anonymous founded in Britain
1948 - Pres Truman nominated for another term (Phila)
1949 - "Miss Liberty" opens at Imperial Theater NYC for 308 performances
1949 - Czech tennis stars Jaroslav Drobny & Vladimir Cernik, defect to US
1949 - WBTV TV channel 3 in Charlotte, NC (CBS) begins broadcasting
1952 - 1st transatlantic helicopter flight begins
1952 - Gerald D Lascelles (under English princess Mary) weds Angela Dowding
1954 - 110°F (43°C) at Balcony Falls, Virginia (state record)
1954 - 1st coml jet transport plane built in US tested (Boeing 707)
1954 - KOCO TV channel 5 in Oklahoma City, OK (ABC) begins broadcasting
1954 - WBOC TV channel 16 in Salisbury, MD (CBS/NBC/ABC) begins broadcasting
1955 - WNDU TV channel 16 in South Bend, IN (NBC) begins broadcasting
1955 - Eighteen Nobel laureates sign the Mainau Declaration against nuclear weapons, later co-signed by thirty-four others.
1956 - Beverly Hanson/Kathy Cornelius wins LPGA Hot Springs Golf Invitational
1956 - Iharos runs world record 10k (28:42.8)
1957 - Dutch Super Constellation crashes near New Guinea, 56 die
1957 - US performs nuclear Test at Nevada Test Site
1958 - Pres Eisenhower sends US troops to Lebanon; they stay 3 months
1958 - US marines deployed in Lebanon
1959 - The steel strike of 1959 begins, leading to significant importation of foreign steel for the first time in United States history.
1960 - Balt Orioles' Brooks Robinson goes 5 for 5 including the cycle
1961 - "Donnybrook!" closes at 46th St Theater NYC after 68 performances
1961 - 90th British Golf Open: Arnold Palmer shoots a 284 at Royal Birkdale
1961 - Spain accept equal rights for men & women
1962 - Algeria becomes member of Arab League
1962 - Mickey Wright wins LPGA Milwaukee Golf Open
1962 - Neth & Indonesia accord over New-Guinea
1963 - KAIT TV channel 8 in Jonesboro, AR (ABC) begins broadcasting
1963 - Paul McCartney is fined £17 for speeding
1964 - Barry M Goldwater (Sen-R-Az) nominated for president by Republicans
1965 - "Mariner IV" sends back 1st pictures of Mars
1965 - Athanassiades Novas succeeds Papandreo as premier of Greece
1967 - "Sweet Charity" closes at Palace Theater NYC after 608 performances
1967 - LA Wolves beat Wash Whips 6-5 in OT to be United Soccer Ass champs
1967 - Roberto DeVicenzo of Argentina wins golf's British Open
1967 - USSR performs nuclear Test at Eastern Kazakh/Semipalitinsk USSR
1968 - "One Life to Live" premieres on TV
1968 - Commercial air travel begins between US & USSR
1968 - France performs nuclear Test at Muruora Island
1968 - NJ Americans moved to Comack & become NY Nets (ABA)
1968 - Soap opera "One Life To Live" premieres
1969 - Cincinnati Red Lee May hits 4 HRs in a doubleheader
1969 - Rod Carew ties record with his 7th steal of home in a season
1970 - Denmark beats Italy 2-0 in 1st world female soccer championship
1971 - Pres Nixon announces he would visit People's Rep of China
1972 - 101st British Golf Open: Lee Trevino shoots 278 at Muirfield Gullane
1972 - Sandra Palmer/Jane Blalock wins Angelo's Four-Ball Golf Championship
1973 - Calif Angel Nolan Ryan 2nd no-hitter beats Detroit Tigers, 6-0
1973 - Carole Jo Skala wins LPGA George Washington Golf Classic
1973 - Paul Getty III kidnapped
1973 - Ray Davies, announces retirement from Kinks then attempts suicide
1973 - Willie McCovey becomes 15th to hit 400 HRs
1974 - Military coup on Cyprus: archbishop/president Makarios flees
1975 - 46th All Star Baseball Game: NL wins 6-3 at County Stadium, Milwaukee
1975 - All star MVP: Bill Madlock (Pitts Pirates) & John Matlock (NY Mets)
1975 - Apollo 18 launched (will rendezvous with Soyuz)
1975 - Soyuz 19 & Apollo 18 launched; rendezvous 2 days later
1976 - 36-hr kidnap of 26 school children & their bus driver in Calif
1978 - 107th British Golf Open: Jack Nicklaus shoots a 281 at St Andrews
1979 - 34th US Women's Open Golf Championship won by Jerilyn Britz
1979 - Morarji Desai resigns as premier of India
1980 - Johnny Bench hits his 314th HR as a catcher breaks Yogi Berra's record
1982 - Body of Wendy Caulfield, 1st Green River victim, found near Seattle
1982 - Columbia flies to Kennedy Space Center via Dyess AFB, Texas
1982 - Senate confirms George Shultz as 60th sec of state by vote of 97-0
1983 - 8 killed, 54 wounded, by Armenian extremists bomb at Orly, France
1983 - Linda Ronstadt debuts as Mabel in "Pirates of Penzance"
1984 - 39th US Women's Open Golf Championship won by Hollis Stacy
1984 - John Lennon releases "I'm Stepping Out"
1985 - Deborah Carthy-Deu, of Puerto Rico, crowned 34th Miss Universe
1986 - 57th All Star Baseball Game: AL wins 3-2 at Astrodome, Houston
1986 - All star MVP: Roger Clemens (Boston Red Sox)
1987 - Boy George barred from British TV show, he may be a bad influence
1987 - John Poindexter testifies at Iran-Contra hearings
1987 - State of siege ends in Taiwan
1990 - 45th US Women's Open Golf Championship won by Betsy King
1991 - France performs nuclear Test at Muruora Island
1991 - US troops leave northern Iraq
1991 - Sandhi Ortiz-DelValle is 1st woman to officiate a men's pro basketball (USBL) game, game between New Haven Skyhawks & Phila Spirit
1992 - Pope John Paul II hospitalized for 3 weeks to have tumor removed
1994 - Gyula Horn sworn in as premier of Hungary
1994 - Israel & Jordan agree to talks in Wash DC on July 25th
1994 - NJ Nets Derrek Coleman accused of rape in Detroit
1994 - Sonia O'Sullivan runs 3K (8:21.64)
1995 - Birmingham Barracudas 1st CFL home game (vs Hamilton)
1995 - Jews take Jerusalem
1995 - Northern Virginia begins using new area code 540
1996 - After 2,216 consecutive games at shortstop, Cal Ripkin goes to 3rd
1996 - MSNBC begins Microsoft internet-NBC TV
1996 - Prince Charles & Princess Di sign divorce papers
1996 - Southern Mexico hit with 6.5 earthquake
1996 - A Belgian Air Force C-130 Hercules carrying the Royal Netherlands Army marching band crashes on landing at Eindhoven Airport.
1999 - The inaugural game at the Seattle Mariners' Safeco Field was held in Seattle, Washington.
2002 - "American Taliban" John Walker Lindh pleads guilty to supplying aid to the enemy and to possession of explosives during the commission of a felony.
2002 - Anti-Terrorism Court of Pakistan hands down the death sentence to British born Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh and life terms to three others suspected of murdering Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl.
2003 - AOL Time Warner disbands Netscape Communications Corporation. The Mozilla Foundation is established on the same day.
2009 - A 7.9 Magnitude earthquake registers 160km west of Invercargill, New Zealand, creating a small tsunami.
Limestone Waterfall. Rivington.
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
Night-walker in the rain
I enjoy walking in the rain. Most people run for cover when it starts to rain, meaning it’s only the brave souls who continue strolling during a storm. 
If you crave peace and quiet during your walks, rainy days are the best. 
You're left alone with your thoughts and are able to destress much quicker and easier than when there are hundreds of other people out taking strolls.
✈ : < This night scene was taking at   ✈ : 
From walking home and talking loads
To seeing shows in evening clothes with you
From nervous touch and getting drunk
To staying up and waking up with you
But now we're sleeping at the edge
Holding something we don't need
All this delusion in our heads
Is gonna bring us to our knees
Thank you all for your faves, comments and support ~Abyss~
James Bay - Let It Go/a>
[SIGNATURE] Gianni - Mesh Bod 
Our home on the FFP Sim
Ullswater From Glenridding.
A photograph taken at the southern end of Lake Ullswater in the Lake District, England. 
Ullswater is the second largest lake in the English Lake District, being approximately nine miles long and 0.75 miles (1,200 m) wide with a maximum depth of slightly more than 60 metres (197 ft). 
The Lake was formed after the last ice age when a glacier scooped out the valley's floor. When the Glacier retreated, the deepened section filled with meltwater which became a lake. Three separate glaciers formed Lake Ullswater. 
I shot this from a small touristy village called Glenridding, popular with travelers and mountain hikers who scale England's third highest mountain, Helvellyn.
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
A photograph taken at The Blue Lagoon/ Wards Reservoir in Belmont, Bolton. Taken on a very windy day, i used a 10-stop neutral density filter to show the movement of the clouds in the sky.
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
A walker's wonderland
This shot was taken during our summer holiday, Lotte has started the descent to the valley..
The last day that we spent in Wales, we enjoyed a classic hillwalk in Snowdonia. Along the route we passed three hilltops, of which the highest is Carnedd Llewelyn (1064m.), the second highest mountain of Wales. It's just a few meters lower than the Snowdon, which measures 1085mtr. The views from here were splendid, with 360 dregrees views towards the ocean, the mountains and the valleys.
A photograph taken at Jepson's Clough Waterfall in Rivington, Bolton, UK.
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
							by Antonio Moreno Salmoral
Night Photography for all de Flickr:
Jantórur Emil Joensen
Daniel Artavia Campos
Jose A. Dominguez Sanchez
jabc - Juan A. Bafalliu Catalá
Hermán Manzano DeMartino
Matias Ezequiel Feldman
Sergio Ordóñez Cañizares
Alejandro Iborra Ventura
Juan Diego Mendoza Miranda
Rafael Alejandro Salcedo Garrote
Javier Martín Herrero
JOSE JAVIER GARCIA MARZAL
Miguel Angel Escandell
Camera, lights, action ! 
David Grimaldi Franco
João Rafael Bortoluzzi
César Olivares Corraliza
Jose Antonio Bernat Bacete
Carlos Martinez Perez
Vicent Llorens Llorca
josefrancisco salgado 
Vicente Ferrer Barbany
Isabel Talleda Guerrero
Juan González Fotografía
Alberto Alvarruiz Picazo
Jose Antonio Hervas Mora
antonio garcia garcia
Pedro Gomila Carrasco
marco antonio yuste moreno
Marius Schadrack Photography
Jose Enrique Rodriguez
Gracias por vuestras fantásticas imágenes desde todo el planeta azul.
Aquí los 240 compañeros-as de nocturnas..
Una historia un viaje, emociones y compañías, que siguen disfrutando de las nocturnas, aquí y allá, aunque
THE ANCIENT LANGUAGE OF SOUNDS AND SIGNS
725 Harrison Avenue, Suite One
Haggai Cohen Milo    (bass)            
Amir Milstein  (flute)
Jamey Haddad  (percussion)         
A very special evening of improvised music and dance featuring musicians Haggai Cohen Milo (bass) and Amir Milstein (flute) and movement artists Olivier Besson, Ellen Godena and Liz Roncka.
Olivier Besson - Movement Artist - is an improvisational movement artist who hails from France and is based in Boston. In the period from 1980 until the mid 90's, Olivier studied Contact Improvisation with Robin Feld, Nancy Stark Smith, Lisa Nelson and Andrew Harwood, and Improvisation / Real Time composition with Daniel Lepkoff and Julyen Hamilton. During that time, he also practiced and performed Bugaku (Court dance from Japan) with Arawana Hayashi. Other training includes Butoh with Maureen Feming and Action Theater with Ruth Zaporah.
Most notably, Olivier’s work has been presented: *in the US - at Dance Theatre Workshop (NYC), Judson Church (NYC), New York Improvisation festival, Walker Art Centre (Minneapolis), Boston Dance Umbrella, Florida Dance Festival, Dance Place (Washington DC), The Boston Conservatory, Boston University, Radford University (Virginia), *and internationally - at the National Institute of the Arts (Taipei, Taiwan), Die Pratze (Tokyo), Art of Movement Festival (Yaroslav, Russia), Micadanses (Paris) and with Compagnie Vertige (Nice, France). He has collaborated with many individuals including Chris Aiken, Lisa Schmidt, Debra Bluth, Ming-Shen Ku, Pamela Newell, Toshiko Oiwa and musicians/composers Mike Vargas, Peter Jones, Jane Wang and Grant Smith. Locally, he has guest danced for Dawn Kramer, Micki Taylor-Pinney and Diane Noya. His ongoing performance projects involve collaborations with Liz Roncka in Boston and Emmanuelle Pepin in Nice (France) .
Olivier is currently on faculty at The Boston Conservatory (dance division). He has been on faculty at Canal Danse (Paris), the French National Circus School (CNAC), Bates Dance Festival, Emerson College and the School of Fine Arts at Boston Universtity. He has taught residencies at the National Institute of the Arts (Taipei, Taiwan), Le Centre Choregraphique de Danse / Daniel Larieu (Tours, France), the University of Minnesota, and Radford University (Virginia). He has also taught masterclasses for teen / pre-teen programs at Walnut Hill, Cambridge School of Weston, Jeanette Neil Dance Studios, Brookline High and Cambridge Rindge and Latin. 
Haggai Cohen Milo - At the young age of 25, bass player and composer Haggai Cohen Milo  is already a known name in the international music scene. Mr. Cohen Milo, currently operating from Berkeley, CA, brings exotic flavors to his music from his native middle east country, Israel. In both his compositions and in his playing, there is a contemporary mix of sound between East and West. His group the Secret Music Project, that features his personal musical sound and vision, has performed in some of the most important festivals around the world including the Aspen Music Festival, the Atlantic Jazz Festival (Canada), Boston First Night and many more.   
Mr. Cohen-Milo first gained international recognition when he won the First Prize in the International Ensemble Competition in Belgium 2006. In the same year, Cohen Milo was also awarded the DownBeat Magazine Music Awards and the grand prize at the Fish Middleton Jazz Soloist Competition held in Washington, DC. 
As a Composer, Cohen Milo has composed the score for two full enough feature films,  Intimate Enemies (2008), by the internationally known Mexican director Fernando Sariñana and SPAM (2009) by the director Charlie Gore. Cohen Milo released his debut album in January 2007 under the prestigious record label “Fresh Sound - New Talent”. The album received enthusiastic reviews in the US and in Europe. Cohen Milo also recorded with different artists for Warner Music, Sunnyside Records and more. 
With a fast growing touring career, Cohen Milo has already performed on some of the most important stages around the world, including Carnegie Hall and Birdland (New York), Getxo International Jazz Festival (Spain), The Jazz Station (Belgium) and Rome Music Festival (Italy), to name a few. 
Cohen Milo graduated in 2009 from the prestigious New England Conservatory of Music in Boston where he studied with such masters as Danilo Perez, Bob Moses, Jamey Hadad and Jerry Bergonzi.  
"... Haggai Cohen Milo revealed over a set of ridiculously infectious music that he's in the soul restoration business. Yessiree. He is!" (Graham Pilsworth, "The Coast", Canada)
Amir Milstein - Flutist and composer - is a graduate of the "Rubin Academy of Music" in Jerusalem (B.M. in jazz and classical flute), and the New England Conservatory (Masters degree in music performance, 2010) Amir established his career in the world-music scene founding acknowledged ensembles such as Bustan Abraham and Tucan Trio with which he has recorded and performed worldwide.
His musical background represents a variety of styles and cultures including classical, jazz, Mediterranean and Latin. He has collaborated with artists such as Zakir Hussein, Tito Puente, Ross Daly, Omar Farouk Tekbilek and Armando Macedo, among others and has participated in distinguished concert venues and festivals, both as a player and a composer.
He has collaborated with several choreographers, with whom he has composed for modern and flamenco dance groups and has composed and recorded several film scores. (His recent work on the documentary film "The Case for Israel- Democracy's Outpost" is currently presented at film festivals worldwide).  Amir played in musical shows in the Israeli television and has collaborated and recorded numerous albums with Israel's leading artists, such as Matti Caspi, Shlomo Gronich, Gidi Gov, Miki Gavrielov, Leah Shabbat, and many others.
With over twenty years of experience teaching flute, recorders and music theory, Amir developed a unique musical education program and has instructed at the "Karev Music Educational Program" in Israel. He currently teaches at the New England Conservatory, Boston, and has lectured and presented workshops at music schools such as the Berklee College of music, Boston and Berkeley University, CA. Before moving to Boston, in 2004 Amir was also a faculty member at the "Hed College of Contemporary Music" in Tel Aviv, Israel. Amir presents an interactive workshop for schools and colleges  called: "A World of Flutes"- Introducing the evolution of woodwinds through live music, stories, and a demonstration of over 80 musical instruments. 
Ellen Godena - Movement Artist - is an experimental performer, choreographer, and Mobius Artists Group member. Her recent work has focused on the relationships between human, non-human (organic), and machine (non-organic) movement as a method for studying human development. Recent solo and collaborative works have been quests to define these relationships through the use of primitive, robotic entities in performance.  
Ellen’s training, artistic influences and inspiration derive from the study of Japanese avant-garde movement and theater forms that have developed since the early 1960’s, primarily the butoh dances created by Japanese artists Kazuo Ohno and Tatsumi Hijikata, physical theater, and contemporary dance. Since 1998, she has performed solo, group, and ensemble work in Boston, Philadelphia, Providence, and New York City. She was a former dancer with the Boston-based Kitsune Dance Theater (2003-06) under the direction of Deborah Butler, and the NYC post-modern butoh troupe, the Vangeline Theater (2006-08) under the direction of Vangeline. She has performed with Master butoh artist Katsura Kan (Curious Fish, 2002, 2008), and has studied with internationally recognized artists such as Zack Fuller, Hiroko Tamano, Su-En, Diego Pinon, and Katsura Kan. Her primary, long-term training has been with American artists Deborah Butler, Vangeline, and Jennifer Hicks. Currently, Ellen is presenting solo robotics – movement projects in addition to performing regularly with Liz Roncka's Real-Time Performance Project in Boston, MA. She holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Rhode Island School of Design in Studio Painting (1997), and a Master's degree in Human Development and Psychology from Harvard University (2005).
Liz Roncka - Movement Artist - is an avid practitioner of movement improvisation and contemporary dance.  She is the director of lizroncka/Real-Time Performance Project,a Mobius Artists Group member  and a collaborating artist with Emma Jupe, a Paris-based improvisation collective. Her work has been presented in Boston, NYC, San Francisco, Budapest and Paris.
Liz's early training was in the tradition of classical ballet at the School of the New Bedford Ballet.  In college, Liz’s focus shifted toward contemporary dance and improvisation.  She was a member of the Dance Collective of Boston from 1998-2005.  Liz has had the pleasure of performing modern dance and improvisational work under the direction of:  Ramelle Adams, Emily Beattie, Ruth Benson-Levin, Debra Bluth, Alissa Cardone, Sean Curran,Ellen Godena, Andrew Harwood, Michael Jahoda/White Box Project, Dawn Kramer, Light Motion, Karen Murphy-Fitch and Micki Taylor-Pinney.
Much of Liz's work is developed in deep collaboration with sound artists, most notably Jane Wang, Haggai Cohen Milo, Jessyka Luzzi, Sean Frenette and Akili Jamal Haynes.  Current projects include an improvisational duo with Forbes Graham (trumpet) and an collaboration with Philippe Lejeune (visual artist) developing a movement piece within a glass installation exploring the intersection of reality and reflected images. For more information please see:
Caption courtesy of John Bunyan, 1678. 
No offense meant and hope none taken. I just loved the straight-ahead, enthusiastic walk of this Protestant Nun. 
In my sets: Roaming Riehen and Dan's People 
SFP Hinchingbrooke Toro Reesink-21
Reesink Turfcare’s donation of a synthetic turf conditioner to maintain Hinchingbrooke School’s 3G artificial pitch(l to r) Chris Walker and Daniel Spencer of  Reesink Turfcare and Steve Fidler and Phil Bryett of Hinchingbrooke School. Photo credit Simon Finlay Photography.
gameboy | Voies off | Arles
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
The Rencontres d’Arles (formerly called Rencontres internationales de la photographie d’Arles) is an annual summer photography festival founded in 1970 by the Arles photographer Lucien Clergue, the writer Michel Tournier and the historian Jean-Maurice Rouquette.
The Rencontres d’Arles has an international impact by showing material that has never been seen by the public before. In 2015, the festival welcomed 93,000 visitors.
The specially designed exhibitions, often organised in collaboration with French and foreign museums and institutions, take place in various historic sites. Some venues, such as 12th-century chapels or 19th-century industrial buildings, are open to the public throughout the festival.
The Rencontres d’Arles has revealed many photographers, confirming its significance as a springboard for photography and contemporary creativity.
In recent years the Rencontres d’Arles has invited many guest curators and entrusted some of its programming to such figures as Martin Parr in 2004, Raymond Depardon in 2006 and the Arles-born fashion designer Christian Lacroix.
    3 The Rencontres d'Arles award winners
A photographer, Jean-Pierre Sudre, discussing his work, Rencontres d'Arles, 1975
    1970 - 1972: Lucien Clergue, Michel Tournier, Jean-Maurice Rouquette
    1973 - 1976: Lucien Clergue
    1977: Bernard Perrine
    1978: Jacques Manachem
    1979 - 1982: Alain Desvergnes (fr)
    1983 - 1985: Lucien Clergue
    1986 - 1987: François Hébel
    1988 - 1989: Claude Hudelot (fr)
    1990: Agnès de Gouvion Saint-Cyr
    1991 - 1993: Louis Mesplé (fr)
    1995 - 1998, délégué général: Bernard Millet (fr)
        1995, artistic director: Michel Nuridsany (fr)
        1996, artistic director: Joan Fontcuberta
        1997, artistic director: Christian Caujolle (fr)
        1998, artistic director: Giovanna Calvenzi
    1999 - 2001: Gilles Mora (fr)
    2002 - 2014: François Hébel
    Since 2015: Sam Stourdzé (fr)
A photography exhibition, Rencontres d'Arles, 2010
Opening week at the Rencontres d’Arles features photography-focused events (projections at night, exhibition tours, panel discussions, symposia, parties, book signings, etc.) in the town’s historic venues, some of which are only open to the public during the festival. Memorable events in recent years include Europe Night (2008), an overview of European photography; Christian Lacroix’s fashion show for the festival’s closing (2008); and Patti Smith’s concert for the Vu agency’s 20th anniversary (2006).
Nights at the Roman Theatre
At night, work by a photographer or a photography expert is projected in the town’s open-air Roman theatre accompanied by concerts and performances. Each event is a one-off creation. In 2009, 8,500 people attended evenings at the Roman theatre, an average of 2,000 a night, and 2,500 were there on closing night, when the Tiger Lilies played during a projection of Nan Goldin’s “The Ballad of Sexual Dependency”. In 2013 over 6,000 people attended the nighttime photography projections, an average of approximately 1,000 each night.
The Night of the Year
The Night of the Year, which was created in 2006, allows visitors to walk around and see the festival’s favourite works by artists and photographers as well as carte blanche exhibitions by institutions.
Cosmos-Arles Books is a Rencontres d’Arles satellite event dedicated to new publishing practices.
Over the past 15 years large-scale photographic publications, self-published books, and ebooks have become essential media for experimentation by photographers and artists. They allow photography to be rediscovered as a means of expression and distribution, providing a rich terrain of expression for the art’s fundamentally hybrid forms.
Symposia and panel discussions
Photographers and professionals participating in symposia and panel discussions during opening week discuss their work or issues raised by the images on display. In recent years the themes included whether a black-and-white aesthetic is still conceivable in photography (2013); the impact of social networks on creativity and information (2011); breaking with past, a key idea for photography today (2009); photography commissions: freedom or constraint (2008); challenges and changes in the photography market (2007).
The Rencontres d’Arles awards
Since 2002 the Rencontres d’Arles awards have been an opportunity to discover new talents. In 2007 the number of annual awards was reduced to three, presented at the closing ceremony of the festival’s professional week: the Discovery Award (€25,000), Author’s Book Award (€8,000) and History Book Award (€8,000).
Luma Rencontres Dummy Book Award
In 2015 the Rencontres d’Arles offered an award to assist with the publication of a dummy book. Endowed with a €25,000 budget production budget, this new prize is open to all photographers and artists using photography who submit a dummy book that has never been published.
The winner’s book will be produced in autumn 2015 and be presented at the 2016 Rencontres d’Arles.
Photo Folio Review & Gallery
Since 2006 aspiring photographers have been able to submit their portfolios to international photography experts in various fields, including publishers, exhibition curators, heads of institutions, agency directors, gallery owners, collectors, critics and photo editors, for appraisal during the festival’s opening week. Photo Folio Review & Gallery offers them an opportunity to show their work throughout the festival.
The Rencontres d’Arles has always been a place where professional photographers and practitioners on every level have been able to meet each other and exchange ideas. Each year, photography class participants undertake a personal journey of creation through photography’s aesthetic, ethical and technological issues. Leading photographers such as Guy le Querrec, Antoine d’Agata, Martin Parr, René Burri and Joan Fontcuberta regularly teach at the Rencontres d’Arles.
“Rentrée en Images” has been a key part of the festival’s educational activities since 2004. During the first two weeks in September, special mediators take students from the primary to graduate school level on guided tours of the exhibitions. Based on the festival’s programming, the event aims to introduce young people to the visual arts and fits in with a wider policy of cultural democratisation. “Rentrée en Images” reaches thousands of students, and for many of them it is their first exposure to contemporary art.
Public funding accounted for 40% of the 2015 festival’s €6.3-million budget, sales (mainly of tickets and derivative products), 40% and private partnerships, 20%[clarification needed][citation needed].
    Hubert Védrine, president
    Hervé Schiavetti, vice-president
    Jean-François Dubos, vice-president
    Marin Karmitz, treasurer
    Françoise Nyssen, secretary
    Lucien Clergue, Jean-Maurice Rouquette, Michel Tournier, founding members
The Rencontres d'Arles award winners
    Jury: Denis Curti, Alberto Anault, Alice Rose George, Manfred Heiting, Erik Kessels, Claudine Maugendre, Val Williams
    Discovery Award: Peter Granser
    No Limit award: Jacqueline Hassink
    Dialogue of the humanity award: Tom Wood
    Photographer of the year award: Roger Ballen
    Help to the project: Pascal Aimar, Chris Shaw
    Author’s Book Award: Sibusiso Mbhele and His Fish Helicopter by Koto Bolofo (powerHouse Books, 2002)
    Help to publishing: Une histoire sans nom by Anne-Lise Broyer
    Jury: Giovanna Calvenzi, Hou Hanru, Christine Macel, Anna Lisa Milella, Urs Stahel
    Discovery Award: Zijah Gafic
    No Limit award: Thomas Demand
    Dialogue of the humanity award: Fazal Sheikh
    Photographer of the year award: Anders Petersen
    Help to the project: Jitka Hanzlova
    Author’s Book Award: Hide That Can by Deirdre O’Callaghan (Trolley Books, 2002)
    Help to publishing: A Personal Diary of Chinese Avant-Garde in the 1990s, China (1993-1998) by Xing Danwen
    Jury: Eikoh Hosoe, Joan Fontcuberta, Tod Papageorge, Elaine Constantine, Antoine d’Agata
    Discovery Award: Yasu Suzuka
    No Limit award: Jonathan de Villiers
    Dialogue of the humanity award: Edward Burtynsky
    Help to the project: John Stathatos
    Author’s Book Award: Particulars by David Goldblatt (Goodman Gallery, 2003)
    Jury: Ute Eskildsen, Jean-Louis Froment, Michel Mallard, Kathy Ryan, Marta Gili
    Discovery Award: Miroslav Tichy
    No Limit award: Mathieu Bernard-Reymond
    Dialogue of the humanity award: Simon Norfolk
    Help to the project: Anna Malagrida
    Author’s Book Award: Temporary Discomfort (Chapter I-V) by Jules Spinatsch (Lars Müller Publishers, 2005)
    Jury: Vincent Lavoie, Abdoulaye Konaté, Yto Barrada, Marc-Olivier Wahler, Alain d’Hooghe
    Discovery Award: Alessandra Sanguinetti
    No Limit award: Randa Mirza
    Dialogue of the humanity award: Wang Qingsong
    Help to the project: Walid Raad
    Author’s Book Award: Form aus Licht und Schatten by Heinz Hajek-Halke (Steidl, 2005)
    Jury: Bice Curiger, Alain Fleischer, Johan Sjöström, Thomas Weski, Anne Wilkes Tucker
    Discovery Award: Laura Henno
    Author’s Book Award: Empty Bottles by WassinkLundgren (Thijs groot Wassink and Ruben Lundgren) (Veenman Publishers, 2007)
    Historical Book Award: László Moholy-Nagy: Color in Transparency: Photographic Experiments in Color, 1934–1946 by Jeannine Fiedler (Steidl & Bauhaus-Archiv, 2006)
    Jury: Elisabeth Biondi, Luis Venegas, Nathalie Ours, Caroline Issa and Massoud Golsorkhi, Carla Sozzani
    Discovery Award: Pieter Hugo
    Author’s Book Award: Strange and Singular by Michael Abrams (Loosestrife, 2007)
    Historical Book Award: Nein, Onkel: Snapshots from Another Front 1938–1945 by Ed Jones and Timothy Prus (Archive of Modern Conflict, 2007)
    Jury: Lucien Clergue, Bernard Perrine, Alain Desvergnes, Claude Hudelot, Agnès de Gouvion Saint-Cyr, Louis Mesplé, Bernard Millet, Michel Nuridsany, Joan Fontcuberta, Christian Caujolle, Giovanna Calvenzi, Martin Parr, Christian Lacroix, Arnaud Claass, Christian Milovanoff
    Discovery Award: Rimaldas Viksraitis
    Author’s Book Award: From Back Home by Anders Petersen and JH Engström (Bokförlaget Max Ström, 2009)
    Historical Book Award: In History by Susan Meiselas (Steidl and International Center of Photography, 2008)
    Discovery Award: Taryn Simon
    LUMA award: Trisha Donnelly
    Author’s Book Award: Photography 1965–74 by Yutaka Takanashi (Only Photograph, 2010)
    Historical Book Award: Les livres de photographies japonais des années 1960 et 1970 by Ryuichi Kaneko and Ivan Vartanian (Seuil, 2009)
    Discovery Award: Mikhael Subotzky and Patrick Waterhouse[8]
    Author’s Book Award: A Living Man Declared Dead and Other Chapters by Taryn Simon (Mack, 2011)[8]
    Historical Book Award: Works by Lewis Baltz (Steidl, 2010)[8]
    Discovery Award: Jonathan Torgovnik
    Author’s Book Award: Redheaded Peckerwood by Christian Patterson (Mack, 2011)
    Historical Book Award: Les livres de photographie d’Amérique latine by Horacio Fernández (Images en Manœuvres Éditions, 2011)
    Discovery Award: Yasmine Eid-Sabbagh and Rozenn Quéré
    Author’s Book Award: Anticorps by Antoine d’Agata (Xavier Barral & Le Bal[disambiguation needed], 2013)[12]
    Historical Book Award: AOI [COD.19.1.1.43] – A27 [S | COD.23 by Rosângela Rennó (Self-published, 2013)
    Discovery Award: Zhang Kechun
    Author’s Book Award: Hidden Islam by Nicolo Degiorgis (Rorhof, 2014)
    Historical Book Award: Paris mortel retouché by Johan van der Keuken (Van Zoetendaal Publishers, 2013)
    Discovery Award: Pauline Fargue
    Author’s Book Award: H. said he loved us by Tommaso Tanini (Discipula Editions, 2014)
    Historical Book Award: Monograph Vitas Luckus. Works & Biography by Margarita Matulytė and Tatjana Luckiene-Aldag (Kaunas Photography Gallery and Lithuanian Art Museum, 2014)
    Dummy Book Award: The Jungle Book by Yann Gross
    Photo Folio Review: Piero Martinelo (winner); Charlotte Abramow, Martin Essi, Elin Høyland, Laurent Kronenthal (special mentions)
    Discovery Award: Sarah Waiswa
    Author’s Book Award: Taking Off. Henry My Neighbor by Mariken Wessels (Art Paper Editions, 2015)
    Historical Book Award: (in matters of) Karl by Annette Behrens (Fw: Books, 2015)
    Photo-Text Award: Negative Publicity: Artefacts of Extraordinary Rendition by Edmund Clark and Crofton Black (Aperture, 2015)
    Dummy Book Award: You and Me: A project between Bosnia, Germany and the US by Katja Stuke and Oliver Sieber
    Photo Folio Review: David Fathi (winner); Sonja Hamad, Eric Leleu, Karolina Paatos, Maija Tammi (special mentions)
    Discovery Award: Carlos Ayesta and Guillaume Bression
    Author's Book Award: Ville de Calais by Henk Wildschut (self-published, 2017)
        Special Mention for Author's Book Award: Gaza Works by Kent Klich (Koenig, 2017)
    Historical Book Award: Latif Al Ani by Latif Al Ani (Hannibal Publishing, 2017)
    Photo-Text Award: The Movement of Clouds around Mount Fuji by Masanao Abe and Helmut Völter (Spector Books, 2016)
    Dummy Book Award: Grozny: Nine Cities by Olga Kravets, Maria Morina, and Oksana Yushko
    Photo Folio Review: Aurore Valade (winner); Haley Morris Cafiero, Alexandra Lethbridge, Charlotte Abramow, Catherine Leutenegger (special mentions)
Gjon Mili, Edward Weston, ...
Pedro Luis Raota, Charles Vaucher, Olivier Gagliani, Steve Soltar, Judy Dater, Jack Welpott, Gordon Bennett, John Weir, Linda Connor, Neal White, Jean-Claude Gautrand, Jean Rouet, Pierre Riehl, Roger Doloy, Georges Guilpin, Alain Perceval, Jean-Louis Viel, Jean-Luc Tartarin, Frédéric Barzilay, Jean-Claude Bernath, André Recoules, Etienne-Bertrand Weill, Rodolphe Proverbio, Jean Dieuzaide, Paul Caponigro, Jerry Uelsmann, Heinz Hajek-Halke, Rinaldo Prieri, Jean-Pierre Sudre, Denis Brihat, …
Hiro, Lucien Clergue, Eugène Atget, Bruce Davidson, …
Imogen Cunningham, Linda Connor, Judy Dater, Allan Porter, Paul Strand, Edward S. Curtis, …
Brassaï, Ansel Adams, Georges A. Tice, …
Agence Viva, André Kertész, Yousuf Karsh, Robert Doisneau, Lucien Clergue, Jean Dieuzaide, Ralph Gibson, Charles Harbutt, Tania Kaleya, Eva Rubinstein, Michel Saint Jean, Kishin Shinoyama, Hélène Théret, Georges Tourdjman, …
Ernst Haas, Bill Brandt, Man Ray, Marc Riboud, Agence Magnum, Eikō Hosoe, Judy Dater, Jack Welpott, Doug Stewart, Duane Michals, Leslie Krims, Bob Mazzer, Horner, S. Sykes, David Hurn, Mary Ellen Mark, René Groebli, Guy Le Querrec, …
Will Mac Bride, Paul Caponigro, Neal Slavin, Max Waldman, Dennis Stock, Josef Sudek, Harry Callahan, R. Benvenisti, P. Carroll, William Christenberry, S. Ciccone, W. Eggleston, R. Embrey, B. Evans, R. Gibson, D. Grégory, F. Horvat, W. Krupsan, W. Larson, U. Mark, J. Meyerowitz, S. Shore, N. Slavin, L. Sloan-Théodore, J. Sternfeld, R. Wol, …
Lisette Model, Izis, William Klein, Hervé Gloaguen, Yan Le Goff, Serge Gal, Marc Tulane, Lionel Jullian, Alain Gualina, …
David Burnett, Mary Ellen Mark, Jean-Pierre Laffont, Abbas, Pedro Meyer, Yves Jeanmougin, Manuel Alvarez Bravo, …
Willy Ronis, Arnold Newman, Jay Maisel, Christian Vogt, Ben Fernandez, Julia Pirotte, …
Guy Bourdin, Steve Hiett, Sarah Moon and Dan Weeks, Art Kane, Cheyco Leidman, André Martin, François Kollar, …
Willy Zielke, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Alexey Brodovitch, Robert Frank, William Klein, Max Pam, Bernard Plossu, …
Robert Rauschenberg, Bruce Davidson, …
Jean Dieuzaide, Marilyn Bridges, Mario Giacomelli, Augusto De Luca, Joyce Tenneson, Luigi Ghirri, Albato Guatti, Mario Samarughi, Arman, Raoul Ubac, …
David Hockney, Fritz Gruber, Franco Fontana, Milton Rogovin, Gilles Peress, Jane Evelyn Atwood, Eugene Richards, Sebastião Salgado, Robert Capa, Lucien Hervé, …
Collection Graham Nash, Annie Leibovitz, Sebastião Salgado, Martin Parr, Robert Doisneau, Paulo Nozolino, Ugo Mulas, Bruce Gilden, Georges Rousse, Peter Knapp, Max Pam, Miguel Rio Branco, Michelle Debat, Andy Summers, Baron Wolman. …
Brian Griffin, Dominique Issermann, Nan Goldin, Max Vadukul, Gabriele Basilico, Paul Graham, Thomas Florschuetz, Gianni Berengo Gardin, … Autres invités des Rencontres 88: Hans Namuth, Jean-Marc Tingaud, Mary Ellen Mark, Charles Camberoque, Martine Voyeux, Marie-Paule Nègre, Xavier Lambours, Patrick Zachmann, Jean-Marie Del Moral, Nittin Vadukul, Jean Larivière, Bruce Weber, Germaine Krull, Jean-Paul Goude, Jean-Louis Boissier, Sandra Petrillo, Daniel Schwartz, Laurent Septier, Jean-Marc Zaorski, Bernard Descamps, Marc Garanger, Yan Layma, Michel Delaborde, Michel Semeniako, Françoise Huguier, Paolo Calia, Deborah Turbeville, Gundunla Schulze. Ainsi que Henri Alekan, Arielle Dombasle, Jacques Séguéla, Roland Topor, Serge July, Lucinda Childs, invited to comment on their private screening at parties in Roman Theatre, where Christian Lacroix organised a show.
La danse, la Chine, la pub. Chinese photography is presented for the first time abroad as a major exhibition with 40 Chinese photographers, including Wu Yinxian, Zhang Hai-er, Chen Baosheng, Ling Fei, Xia Yonglie, curated by Karl Kugel, co-director of the film China: Inner views / Chine: vues intérieures, released at the opening of the festival. Most major photographers who have covered this country are also present either in the exhibition of Magnum Photos, curated by François Hébel, either in solo exhibitions, such as Marc Riboud ou de Jeanloup Sieff.
Arles fête ses vingt ans (1969-1989); with Lucien Clergue, Lee Friedlander, Cristina García Rodero, John Demos, Philippe Bazin, George Hashigushi, Eduardo Masférré, Hervé Gloaguen, Elizabeth Sunday, Pierre de Vallombreuse, Robert Frank's The lines of My Hand (commissioned by Charles-Henri Favrod); in honour of Pierre de Fenoÿl; Julio Mitchel, Roland Schneider, Rafael Vargas, John Phillips, Annette Messager, Christian Boltanski, la collection Bonnemaison, Javier Vallhonrat, Thierry Girard, Dennis Hopper. Exhibition Ils annoncent la couleur with Stéphane Sednaoui, Jean-Baptiste Mondino, Max Vadukul, Nick Night, Nigel Shafran, Tony Viramontes, Cindy Palmano; commissioned by Marc Vascoli. Exposition et soirée Deep South with Robert Frank, Bruce Davidson, Duane Michals, Gordon Parks, Alain Desvergnes, Gilles Mora, Paul Kwilecki, William Christenberry, William Eggleston, Marylin Futtermann, Debbie Fleming Caffery, Fern Koch, Jay Leviton, Eudora Welty; commissioned by Gilles Mora.
Volker Hinz, Erasmus Schröter, Stéphane Duroy, Raymond Depardon, Frédéric Brenner, Drtikol, Saudek, …
Tina Modotti, Edward Weston, Graciela Iturbide, Martín Chambi, Sergio Larrain, Sebastião Salgado, Juan Rulfo, Miguel Rio Branco, Eric Poitevin, Alberto Schommer, …
Don McCullin, Dieter Appelt, Béatrix Von Conta, Denise Colomb, José Ortiz-Echagüe, Wout Berger, Thibaut Cuisset, Knut W. Maron, John Statathos, …
Richard Avedon, Larry Fink, Ernest Pignon-Ernest, Cecil Beaton, Raymonde April, Koji Inove, Louis Jammes, Eiichiro Sakata, …
Andres Serrano, Roger Pic, Marc Riboud, Bogdan Konopka, Sarah Moon, Pierre et Gilles, Marie-Paule Nègre, Edward Steichen and Josef Sudek, Robert Doisneau, André Kertész, …
Alain Fleischer, Roger Ballen, Noda, Toyoura, Slocombe, Nam June Paik, France Bourély. …
Ralph Eugene Meatyard, William Wegman, Grete Stern, Paolo Gioli, Nancy Burson, John Stathatos, Sophie Calle, Luigi Ghirri, Pierre Cordier, …
Collection Marion Lambert, Eugene Richards, Mathieu Pernot, Aziz + Cucher, Jochen Gerz, Antoni Muntadas, Ricard Terré, …
David LaChapelle, Herbert Spring, Mike Disfarmer, Francesca Woodman, Federico Patellani, Massimo Vitali, Dieter Appelt, Samuel Fosso, Urs Lu.thi, Pierre Molinier, Yasumasa Morimura, Roman Opalka, Cindy Sherman, Sophie Weibel, …
Lee Friedlander, Walker Evans, …
Tina Modotti, Jakob Tuggener, Peter Sakaer, Masahisa Fukase, Herbert Matter, Robert Heinecken, Jean-Michel Alberola, Tom Drahaos, Willy Ronis, Frederick Sommer, Lucien Clergue, Sophie Calle, …
Luc Delahaye, Patrick Tosani, Stéphane Couturier, David Rosenfeld, James Casebere, Peter Lindbergh, …
Guillaume Herbaut, Baader Meinhof, Astrid Proll, Josef Koudelka, Gabriele Basilico, Rineke Dijkstra, Lise Sarfati, Jochen Gerz, Collection Ordoñez Falcon, Larry Sultan, Alex Mac Lean, Alastair Thain, Raeda Saadeh, Zineb Sedira, Serguei Tchilikov, Jem Southam, Alexey Titarenko, Andreas Magdanz, Sophie Ristelhueber, …
Collection Claude Berri, Lin Tianmiao & Wang Gongxin, Xin Danwen, Gao Bo, Shao Yinong & Mu Chen, Hong Li, Hai Bo, Chen Lingyang, Ma Liuming, Hong Hao, Naoya Hatakeyama, Roman Opalka, Jean-Pierre Sudre, Suzanne Lafont, Corinne Mercadier, Adam Bartos, Marie Le Mounier, Yves Chaudouët, Galerie VU, Harry Gruyaert, Vincenzo Castella, Alain Willaume, François Halard, Donovan Wylie, Jérôme Brézillon & Nicolas Guiraud, Jean-Daniel Berclaz, Monique Deregibus, Youssef Nabil, Tina Barney, …
Dayanita Singh, Les archives du ghetto de Lodz, Stephen Gill, Oleg Kulik, Arsen Savadov, Keith Arnatt, Raphaël Dallaporta, Taiji Matsue, Tony Ray-Jones, Osamu Kanemura, Kawauchi Rinko, Chris Killip, Chris Shaw, Kimura Ihei, Neeta Madahar, Frank Breuer, Hans van der Meer, James Mollison, Chris Killip, Mathieu Pernot, Paul Shambroom, Katy Grannan, Lucien Clergue, AES + F, György Lörinczy, …
Collection William M. Hunt, Miguel Rio Branco, Thomas Dworzak, Alex Majoli, Paolo Pellegrin, Ilkka Uimonen, Barry Frydlender, David Tartakover, Michal Heiman, Denis Rouvre, Denis Darzacq, David Balicki, Joan Fontcuberta, Christer Strömholm, Keld Helmer-Petersen, …
La photographie américaine à travers les collections françaises, Robert Adams, Cornell Capa, Gilles Caron, Don McCullin, Guy Le Querrec, Susan Meiselas, Julien Chapsal, Michael Ackerman, David Burnett, Lise Sarfati, Sophie Ristelhueber, Dominique Issermann, Jean Gaumy, Daniel Angeli, Paul Graham, Claudine Doury, Jean-Christophe Bechet, David Goldblatt, Anders Petersen, Philippe Chancel, Meyer, Olivier Culmann, Gilles Coulon, …
The 60th year of Magnum Photos, Pannonica de Koenigswarter, Le Studio Zuber, Collections d’Albums Indiens de la Collection Alkazi, Alberto Garcia-Alix, Raghu Rai, Dayanita Singh, Nony Singh, Sunil Gupta, Anay Mann, Pablo Bartholomew Bharat Sikka, Jeetin Sharma, Siya Singh, Huang Rui, Gao Brothers, RongRong & inri, Liu Bolin, JR, …
Richard Avedon, Grégoire Alexandre, Joël Bartoloméo, Achinto Bhadra, Jean-Christian Bourcart, Samuel Fosso, Charles Fréger, Pierre Gonnord, Françoise Huguier, Grégoire Korganow, Peter Lindbergh, Guido Mocafico, Henri Roger, Paolo Roversi, Joachim Schmid, Nigel Shafran,[14] Georges Tony Stoll, Patrick Swirc, Tim Walker, Vanessa Winship, …
Robert Delpire, Willy Ronis, Jean-Claude Lemagny, Lucien Clergue, Elger Esser, Roni Horn, Duane Michals, Nan Goldin (invitée d'honneur), Brian Griffin, Naoya Hatakeyama, JH Engström, David Armstrong, Eugene Richards[15] (The Blue Room), Martin Parr, Paolo Nozolino, …[16]
Robert Mapplethorpe[17] Lea Golda Holterman[18]
Chris Marker, photos du New York Times, Robert Capa, Wang Qingsong, Dulce Pinzon, JR, ...
Les 30 ans de l'ENSP, Josef Koudelka, Amos Gitai, Klavdij Sluban & Laurent Tixador, Arnaud Claass,[19] Grégoire Alexandre, Édouard Beau, Jean-Christophe Béchet, Olivier Cablat, Sébastien Calvet, Monique Deregibus & Arno Gisinger, Vincent Fournier, Marina Gadonneix, Valérie Jouve, Sunghee Lee, Isabelle Le Minh, Mireille Loup, Alexandre Maubert, Mehdi Meddaci, Collection Jan Mulder, Alain Desvergnes,[20] Olivier Metzger, Joséphine Michel, Erwan Morère, Tadashi Ono, Bruno Serralongue, Dorothée Smith, Bertrand Stofleth & Geoffroy Mathieu, Pétur Thomsen, Jean-Louis Tornato, Aurore Valade, Christian Milovanoff,[21]
Hiroshi Sugimoto, Sergio Larrain, Guy Bourdin, Alfredo Jaar,[22] John Stezaker,[23] Wolfgang Tillmans,[24] Viviane Sassen,[25] Jean-Michel Fauquet, Arno Rafael Minkkinen, Miguel Angel Rojas, Pieter Hugo,[26] Michel Vanden Eeckhoudt, Xavier Barral,[27] John Davis, Antoine Gonin,[28] Thabiso Sekgala, Philippe Chancel, Raphaël Dallaporta, Alain Willaume, Cedric Nunn, Santu Mofokeng, Harry Gruyaert, Jo Ractliffe, Zanele Muholi, Patrick Tourneboeuf, Thibaut Cuisset, Antoine Cairns, Jean-Louis Courtinat, Christina de Middel, Stéphane Couturier, Frédéric Nauczyciel, Jacques Henri Lartigue, Pierre Jamet, Raynal Pellicer, Studio Fouad, Erik Kessels.
Lucien Clergue, Christian Lacroix, Raymond Depardon, Léon Gimpel, David Bailey, Vik Muniz, Patrick Swirc, Denis Rouvre, Vincent Pérez, Chema Madoz, Élise Mazac, Robert Drowilal, Anouck Durand, Refik Vesei, Pleurat Sulo, Katjusha Kumi,Ilit Azoulay, Katharina Gaenssler, Miguel Mitlag, Victor Robledo, Youngsoo Han, Kechun Zhang, Pieter Ten Hoopen, Will Steacy, Kudzanai Chiurai, Patrick Willocq, Ciril Jazbec, Milou Abel, Sema Bekirovic, Melanie Bonajo, Hans de Vries, Hans Eijkelboom, Erik Fens, Jos Houweling, Hans van der Meer, Maurice van Es, Benoît Aquin, Luc Delahaye, Mitch Epstein, Nadav Kander.
Walker Evans, Stephen Shore, Robert Venturi, Denise Scott Brown, Toon Michiels, Olivier Cablat, Markus Brunetti, Paul Ronald, Sandro Miller, Eikoh Hosoe, Masahisa Fukase, Daido Moriyama, Masatoshi Naito, Issei Suda, Kou Inose, Sakiko Nomura, Daisuke Yokota, Martin Gusinde, Paolo Woods, Gabriele Galimberti, Natasha Caruana, Alex Majoli, Paolo Pellegrin, Ambroise Tézenas, Thierry Bouët, Anna Orlowska, Vlad Krasnoshchok, Sergiy Lebedynskyy, Vadym Trykoz, Lisa Barnard, Robert Zhao Renhui, Pauline Fargue, Julián Barón, Delphine Chanet, Omar Victor Diop, Paola Pasquaretta, Niccolò Benetton, Simone Santilli, Dorothée Smith, Rebecca Topakian, Denis Darzacq, Swen Renault, Paolo Woods, Elsa Leydier, Alice Wielinga, Cloé Vignaud, Louis Matton, Swen Renault et Pablo Mendez.
O'Hagan, Sean (11 July 2011). "Tower blocks and tomes dominate the Rencontres d'Arles". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 November 2014.
O'Hagan, Sean (9 July 2012). "Torgovnik's powerful portraits from Rwanda take top prize at Arles". London: The Guardian. Retrieved 2 February 2015.
O'Hagan, Sean (8 July 2013). "Lost and found: Discovery award winners at Recontres d'Arles 2013". The Guardian. Retrieved 25 October 2015.
"2017 Book Awards". Rencontres d'Arles. 4 July 2017. Retrieved 7 July 2017.
"Exhibitions". Rencontres d'Arles. Retrieved 26 August 2016.
"Exhibitions: Eugene Richards: The Blue Room". Rencontres d'Arles. Retrieved 26 June 2015.
"Rencontres d’Arles 2009 Photography", Rencontres d'Arles. Accessed 3 December 2014.
Présentation de Robert Mapplethorpe sur le site rencontres-arles.com
"Lea Golda Holterman, Orthodox Eros". Retrieved 24 August 2016.
Arles 2012: Arnaud Claass sur La Lettre de la Photographie.com
Arles 2012: Alain Desvergnes sur La Lettre de la Photographie.com
Signe des temps: Arles 2012, un festival courageux (Photographie.com)
Fiche d'Alfredo Jaar sur rencontres-arles.com
Fiche de John Stezaker sur rencontres-arles.com
Fiche de Wolfgang Tillmans sur rencontres-arles.com
Fiche de Viviane Sassen sur rencontres-arles.com
Fiche de Pieter Hugo sur rencontres-arles.com
Fiche de Xavier Barral sur rencontres-arles.com
Fiche de Antoine Gonin sur rencontres-arles.com
The Death of Nelson" by Daniel Maclise.
(look at this great video that rae made)
November 21 - December 19 2009
What does it mean for an artist to “survive” in a tough economic climate? Can business ever be “bad” for a diligently working artist? Making an honest living ---in a group show like NO OTHER, these artists, some legendary and some suitably hungry, will dissolve the line between utility and luxury for an exhibition entitled, "GO GET YOUR SHINEBOX".
If you’ve spent time in a "third world country", you’ve had a chance to see kids carrying ingeniously designed work boxes, set up for
shinning shoes. We find that the variety and exuberance of these objects perfectly captures our world climate.
With the global economic downturn and the hardship it has caused blue-collar workers throughout, we find it fitting to explore the
world’s simplest way to make a living— SHINNING SHOES. We are planning an exhibition around just that-- SHOESHINE BOXES.
However a "SHOESHINE BOX" should not be taken in the most literal sense of the words. These objects, our inspiration, have all been created out of necessity- a need to earn money, or further, to survive. We push “the need to survive” beyond its literal context, commissioning our favorite established and emerging artists to design their own, "SURVIVAL BOXES".
A shoeshine box is a medium, a framework, the boundaries of which have not been pushed ...till now.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
COLLIN VAN DER SLUJIS
ROSTONE & DRED (Readerswives Collective)
For the In/Human exhibition
Oil and Modelling gel on hand-stretched canvas - 70 x 70cms
This big old chalet looks down over the Moostal (moss valley), one of the last big pieces of farmland in our village--Riehen, Canton Basel CH. In my set: Dan's Swiss Autumns (Dan Daniels)
This image is taken from The history of the Devil
							by Medical Heritage Library
 in the Internet Archive
 The history of the Devil
 Defoe, Daniel, 1661?-1731. n 79053974
If you have questions concerning reproductions, please contact the 
Note: The colors, contrast and appearance of these illustrations are unlikely to be true to life. They are derived from scanned images that have been enhanced for machine interpretation and have been altered from their originals.
 Read/Download from the 
See all images from this book
See all MHL images published in the same year
See all images from Wellcome Library
Beermat Show, Temporary Art Space, May 2009
Everyone knows that all the best ideas for anything, ever, have been jotted down on beer mats first. Always seeking to be topical rather than typical, we want to make a valuable contribution to the endless public debate about our giddy drinking culture. Here is some culture about drinking. Know your limits. It is time to celebrate all that is good about having a tipple. Stuff by artists, stuff by the good people of Halifax. Contributors include: Rodney Adams, Amber Alsaigh, Christian Alsaigh, Julia Arnez, Joe Aspinall, Raffaella Avolio, Dorothy Baldwin, Tom Bamforth, Elizabeth Barlow, Louisa Barlow, Richard Bates, Alexandra Baybutt, Kate Beckett, Steve Beever, Jacqui Bellamy, Linda Bevan, Daniel Blamires, Edie Boniface, Georgia Boniface, Kevin Boniface, Molly Boniface, Andrew Bracey, Alice Bradshaw, Phil Bradshaw, Laurie Bradshaw, Ayla Bragard, Kiki Bragard, Katie Brier, Camilla Brueton, Becky Bruton, Ian Calvert, Daniel Carr, Liam Carter, Sheila Carter, Matthew Chambers, Peter Chappe, Ami Clark, Odin Conquest, Jeff Corey, Cynthia Cotterill, Edward Cotterill, Genna Cotterill, John Cotterill, Holly Crawford, Jake Crawshaw, Ashton Davison, Simeon Dear, Andrea Dietz, Dirtcheap, Max Doig, Adam Doyle, Maia Duka, Harry Edwards, Rachael Elwell, Catt Everett, Chris Fallowfield, John Fawcett, JenniLea Finch, Lynn Fisher, Elliot Flynn, Joseph Flynn, Victoria Foster, Liam Gec, Jak Gill, Janet Gledhill, Dominic Harris, Katy Goldstein, Jennifer Grant, Gill Greenhaugh, Jessica Grimshaw, Laurence Guntert, Joe Hakim, Fiona Helen Halliday, Chris Hallowfield, Eden Hanson, Lisa Hanson, Louise Hanson, Stephen Hanson, Steve Hanson, Taome Hanson, Sam Hardacre, Sarah Hardacre, Maya Harding, Jenna Harris, Dalia Hawley, Krishna Hazarika, Rhea Henningham, Holly Beth Herbert, Aimee Lou Hewitt, Georgia Hey, Graham Hey, Madison Hey, Olivia Heywood, Ann Hirst, Charlotte Holdsworth, Leyao Huang, Rebecca Hutch, Stephanie Ingham, Elsie Irvine, John Irvine, Ashley Jackson, Andrew Jenkin, Mike Jessop, Alison Jones, Danielle Jones, Imran Jogee, Hannah Jones, Ben Jowett, Ryan Paul Kaye, Christine Keeler, Marc Kershaw, Joanne Kilner, Clinton Kirkpatrick, Olwen Kitson, Buffy Klama, Chris Laine, John Ledger, Sally Lemsford, Elliot Lilley, Imogen Lilley, Jorge Galan Liquette, Duncan Lister, Alison Little, Sophie Littlewood, Liz Lock, Simon Edgar Lord, Robert Luzar, Ellen Mace, Katherine MacDougall, Jude MacPherson, Sadie Mansell, Joanne Matthews, Nicola Maude, Bill McCall, Phil Middleton, Brian Midwood, Kirsty Midwood, Yvonne Midwood, Milk, Two Sugars (Bob Milner & Tom Senior), Kenton Scott Mills, Amelia-Jane Milner, Anna Milner, Freyja Milner, William Milner, Patrick Milsom, Kevin Mitchell, Mon 53, Paul Morris, Nathan Morrisson, Liz Murphy, Paul Murphy, Mikk Murray, Ewan Neville, Patrick Neville, Ettienne Ordway, Maya Ordway, Pete O'Toole, Carol Pope, Georgia Power, Anna Ricciardi, Oliver Russell, Jenny Parkin, Sarah Parker, Nuala Pavey-Garside, Simone Peacock, Rebbeca Pearson, Nancy Porter, Heather Preston, Stacey Price, Martha Ross-Parry, Marc Renshaw, Eleanor R Richardson, Daniel Rode, Lisa Rodgers, Tammy Ross, Chris Rusby, Jayne Rusby, Finlay Russell, Ailie Rutherford, Eileeen Ryan, Antonietta Sacco, Katie Scholefield, Sarah Scott, Alan Senior, Jack Senior, John Senior, Susan Meyerhoff Sharples, Richard Shields, Anna Shirron, Lucienne Simpson, Ruby Simpson, Mike Slater, Maria Slovakova, Fran Smith, Helen Smith, Natasha Smith, Steve Staindale, Lucy Stefane, Lucy Stefani, Adele Stevenson, Matthew Stutely, Jun Tan, Gary Tann, Siobhan Tarr, Cecila Tat, Gabrielle Tattersford, Billy Taylor-Woodhouse, Alice Thickett, Ian Thomas, Lynda Thomas, Stuart Thomas, Poppy Thompson, Diana Thorpe, Georgina Tonge, Matthew Tonge, Nathan Tudor, Jayde Tunnacliffe, Helen Turner, Naomi Turpin, Caroline Twidle, Lauren Tyler, Jean Wagstaff, Jamilia Walker, Gregory Wallace, Phoebe Wallace, T Walshaw, Tom Ward, Ryan Ware, Irena Wegrzyn, Lyndon White, Harriet Wickens, Madeleine Wickens, Leslie Wilson-Rutterford, Witshop, Elizabeth Wood, William Wood, Kris Woodhead, Peter Wright, Mark Yates (more to be announced)
Safety and Security,.  Goals of the day complete
 (NIRAMYTH) - AESTHETIC - Advanced Mesh Body – ENZO
[Z O O M] Cezein Glasses
*COX*VINTAGE BIKER PANTS I* AESTHETIC 
L&B * Fitted AESTHETIC*  Swear Nomad Leather Jacket
Boots Walkers - Black  / REDGRAVE
POSE: WRONG & The Owl. Smoke 2
Cherry says that her heart ain´t no good,
You can see for yourself, 
there's no life in her eyes.
She sits alone in corner drinkin'
She's been killin' off time,
Cherry, Cherry, will start to talk
when she's feelin' her drunk
Sometimes there's no one to listen
that don't stand in her way
It's gettin' harder to reach that point
She hasn't heard that click in her
leave me here all by myself, I don't need no one
NO, it isn't very peretty
but it's a popular song
Now if you llok at her close
She was Queen of the Hop and married in May
...but her husband was young,
he got scared and left her behind
and took her children away
I've been seein' her 'round this place for a few years now
Fallen angel of blue,
She spills a drop or her tattered pictures
Her broken image will start to fade before too long.
Canada Army Run 2010 "5 km"  local results and photos - part C
For the 5 kilometre race results and photos...here are the local (Ottawa & area) participants -- sorted by cities and first name -- in the September 19, 2010, 
 and enter the bib numbers for the full individual race results.  Race photos 
.    (6,760 runners in the 5 km race)
Thank-you to Sportstats.
Part B. Other Communities (Alexandria to Navan)  (
Part C. Other Communities (Nepean to Woodlawn)  (see below)
10733…Adele Pontone….. Nepean
11845…Al Ruppel….. Nepean
9843…Alana Henry-Fontelio….. Nepean
11513…Alex E. Smith….. Nepean
7265…Alexander Maxwell….. Nepean
14160…Alexandra Reimer….. Nepean
10495…Alison Gotceitas….. Nepean
7963…Alison Vrckovnik….. Nepean
8610…Amy Yee….. Nepean
10100…Andrea Cook….. Nepean
8784…Andrea Copperthwaite….. Nepean
12268…Andrew Ma….. Nepean
10002…Andrew Makus….. Nepean
12672…Anezka Zlamal….. Nepean
7881…Angie Rucchetto….. Nepean
8379…Anna Passmore….. Nepean
9255…Anne Senior….. Nepean
8431…Anya Rampal….. Nepean
14195…April Van Den Beek….. Nepean
11251…Athena Williams….. Nepean
11252…Aurora Williams….. Nepean
12931…Becky Bodnar….. Nepean
11429…Ben Cook….. Nepean
7260…Benjamin Cheng….. Nepean
12058…Bihac Mazigh….. Nepean
7023…Bob Cordukes….. Nepean
8474…Bonnie Badour….. Nepean
9476…Bonnie Gregoire….. Nepean
3991…Brent Eyre….. Nepean
12133…Brian Green….. Nepean
10848…Bronwynn Guymer….. Nepean
8660…Cathie Adeney….. Nepean
8666…Cathy Anderson….. Nepean
9909…Cecily Pantin….. Nepean
12293…Chris Brace….. Nepean
13076…Chris Cull….. Nepean
13081…Chris Daley….. Nepean
13148…Cindy Elmy….. Nepean
7972…Cindy Wendler….. Nepean
10685…Clare Beckton….. Nepean
7906…Claudio Sicoli….. Nepean
11092…Colby Wilson….. Nepean
8741…Colleen Burns….. Nepean
11446…Corinne Finlayson….. Nepean
12094…Craig Heath….. Nepean
10420…Cynthia Field -Rose….. Nepean
12722…Cynthia Sleigh-O'rourke….. Nepean
7756…D.R. Macgregor….. Nepean
11166…Daniel Cormier….. Nepean
12147…Danielle Miner….. Nepean
7262…Daphne Snelgrove….. Nepean
8042…Dave Regimbald….. Nepean
13053…David Contini….. Nepean
10170…David Daze….. Nepean
10656…Debbie Mclellan-Lepine….. Nepean
11133…Deborah Park….. Nepean
12588…Dorothy Gordon….. Nepean
10934…Drew Robertson….. Nepean
8481…Edward Drummond….. Nepean
12174…Eileen Melnick Mccarthy….. Nepean
10768…Elaine Yee….. Nepean
13368…Elana Lamesse….. Nepean
11689…Emily Devitt….. Nepean
7351…Emma Victoria Smith….. Nepean
14477…Eric Mullen….. Nepean
13827…Eric Traclet….. Nepean
9164…Erika Penno….. Nepean
9607…Erin Brennan….. Nepean
14157…Erin Purdy….. Nepean
9844…Ermin Fontelio….. Nepean
14223…Eugenio Rino….. Nepean
9486…Fannie Simard-Castonguay….. Nepean
8381…Franca Mirella….. Nepean
10328…Francine Lapointe….. Nepean
8685…Gallisedo Bae….. Nepean
7264…Gary Maxwell….. Nepean
10793…Gerry Blathwayt….. Nepean
1502…Glenn Kavanagh….. Nepean
10171…Gracie Daze….. Nepean
13529…Hana Moidu….. Nepean
9840…Heather Sutcliffe….. Nepean
9334…Heather Webb….. Nepean
12235…Hilary Allen….. Nepean
11787…Holly Karout….. Nepean
10028…Howard Godby….. Nepean
12126…Irene Yaraskavitch….. Nepean
9898…J.P. Trottier….. Nepean
9487…Jade Simard-Castonguay….. Nepean
13530…Jaleel Moidu….. Nepean
11450…James Boutin….. Nepean
12439…James Passmore….. Nepean
7170…James R. Edge….. Nepean
13061…Jan Coulis….. Nepean
11822…Janet Myers….. Nepean
10847…Jason Green….. Nepean
8032…Jean Marie Manson….. Nepean
8480…Jeff Drummond….. Nepean
12518…Jeff Harvey….. Nepean
13858…Jen Walsh….. Nepean
12391…Jennifer Bordeleau….. Nepean
8941…Jennifer Hopkinson….. Nepean
11405…Jennifer Maroun….. Nepean
9155…Jennifer Passmore….. Nepean
13883…Jennifer Williams….. Nepean
7630…Jessica Gage….. Nepean
14494…Jill Castiglione….. Nepean
11806…Jill Marchand….. Nepean
11018…Jo Ann Uline….. Nepean
8815…Joanne Denomme….. Nepean
14030…Joanne Doucet….. Nepean
8482…Jocelyn Drummond….. Nepean
11410…Joe Harvey….. Nepean
9404…Johanne Harris….. Nepean
14548…John Smith….. Nepean
12893…Jordan Beauvais….. Nepean
7519…Josh Brennan….. Nepean
11658…Judy Smith….. Nepean
7240…Julian Yang….. Nepean
12916…Julie Bennett….. Nepean
13080…Julie Dalbec….. Nepean
9081…Kaitlin Mclellan….. Nepean
1867…Karen Mullen….. Nepean
8141…Kathleen Cole….. Nepean
13051…Kathy Conlon….. Nepean
11226…Katie Squires….. Nepean
12519…Keirsten Harvey….. Nepean
7557…Keith Clark….. Nepean
7558…Kelsey Clark….. Nepean
11132…Ken Park….. Nepean
11774…Kenneth Hennessey….. Nepean
7755…Kenton Lynds….. Nepean
12626…Kevan Mackay….. Nepean
8786…Kim Corlett….. Nepean
12130…Kimberley Brigden….. Nepean
8012…Kirk Lynds….. Nepean
12040…Kirsten Miller….. Nepean
11560…Kristen Grewal….. Nepean
12754…Kristina Ellement….. Nepean
7296…Kyle Gordon….. Nepean
10767…Kyle Tennant….. Nepean
7559…Laura Clark….. Nepean
7819…Laura Nichols….. Nepean
12821…Laura Peckett….. Nepean
8374…Leisa Villeneuve….. Nepean
8802…Leslie Da Silva….. Nepean
9642…Lien Ha….. Nepean
10023…Linda Billyard….. Nepean
8986…Linda Koenders….. Nepean
11946…Linda Mckay….. Nepean
9283…Linda Swaffield….. Nepean
8162…Lisa Marie Bambrick….. Nepean
10295…Lisa Piers….. Nepean
9592…Louise Desjardins….. Nepean
13609…Lucas Perkins….. Nepean
7208…Luke Harvey….. Nepean
10106…Lydia Walker….. Nepean
9228…Lynda Rozon….. Nepean
12213…Lynn Hannah….. Nepean
13758…Lynn Smith….. Nepean
12236…Mackenzie Allen….. Nepean
8812…Mamta Deecker….. Nepean
8792…Marcy Craig….. Nepean
9854…Margaret O'brien….. Nepean
8972…Margaret-Ann Kellett….. Nepean
9803…Marianna Burch….. Nepean
14323…Marie Bulmer….. Nepean
12328…Marie Noreau….. Nepean
9350…Marie Yelle-Whitwam….. Nepean
11096…Marilyn Booth….. Nepean
14251…Marion Dare….. Nepean
8910…Mark Hache….. Nepean
10764…Martine Proulx….. Nepean
11687…Mary Devitt….. Nepean
14120…Mary-Kaye Mcgreevy….. Nepean
13819…Matthew Threader….. Nepean
7207…Megan Harvey….. Nepean
11549…Melanie Boudreau….. Nepean
14029…Melanie Dompierre….. Nepean
14261…Melanie Gibbons….. Nepean
8864…Melissa Fisher….. Nepean
7140…Michael Burch….. Nepean
7261…Michael Cheng….. Nepean
11896…Michael Teeple….. Nepean
7973…Michael Wendler….. Nepean
12958…Michelle Bray….. Nepean
11416…Mike Trottier….. Nepean
11911…Mimi Hadi-Kho….. Nepean
10062…Mina Rampal….. Nepean
8740…Miriam Burke….. Nepean
10935…Mishele Robertson….. Nepean
6509…Momodou Loum….. Nepean
7014…Monique Cordukes….. Nepean
13559…Natalie Sharp….. Nepean
12773…Natasha Yee….. Nepean
7947…Nathan Toft….. Nepean
7689…Ning Huang….. Nepean
8901…Paige Graham….. Nepean
11076…Parto Navidi….. Nepean
7356…Patrick Nicholas Smith….. Nepean
10151…Patrick Walsh….. Nepean
13197…Paul Gauthier….. Nepean
7292…Paul Romano….. Nepean
7038…Paula Noyes….. Nepean
9655…Peggy Bradford….. Nepean
13790…Pierre St-Pierre….. Nepean
10448…Ralph Mahar….. Nepean
10154…Ram Bickram….. Nepean
10496…Ray Gotceitas….. Nepean
14317…Raymond Tsang….. Nepean
10183…Reid Zandbelt….. Nepean
12078…Rena Itan….. Nepean
12892…Rhonda Beauregard….. Nepean
13085…Richard Dare….. Nepean
7578…Richard Dault….. Nepean
13198…Rob Gauthier….. Nepean
9402…Rob Harris….. Nepean
7729…Robert Langlois….. Nepean
14516…Robert Lee….. Nepean
294…Roberto Palmero….. Nepean
9122…Rod Myers….. Nepean
7908…Roger Skidmore….. Nepean
7928…Rowan Stringer….. Nepean
12381…Roy Thomas….. Nepean
12842…Sabeena Abdulmajeed….. Nepean
10105…Sadie Walker….. Nepean
13809…Sajan Thankachan….. Nepean
10099…Sam Cook….. Nepean
11541…Samara Peters….. Nepean
7022…Samer Forzley….. Nepean
8708…Sandra Binkley….. Nepean
11393…Sandy Andrews….. Nepean
10755…Sarah Gardam….. Nepean
7206…Sarah Harvey….. Nepean
9077…Sarah Mcisaac….. Nepean
9856…Scott Kennedy….. Nepean
10104…Scott Walker….. Nepean
9604…Shane Brennan….. Nepean
13369…Shane Lamesse….. Nepean
12438…Shannon Passmore….. Nepean
10598…Sharon Leonard….. Nepean
8974…Shawna Kelly….. Nepean
13810…Sheryl Theal….. Nepean
7414…Simon Kou….. Nepean
13901…Simon Xie….. Nepean
14324…Siobhan Bulmer….. Nepean
11358…Sokoeun Sreng….. Nepean
11333…Sonya Driscoll….. Nepean
11835…Sophia Ramirez-Hennessey….. Nepean
11374…Stefanie Burch….. Nepean
14567…Stephanie Dunne….. Nepean
13760…Stephen Smith….. Nepean
12526…Steve Camilucci….. Nepean
8281…Steven Leonard….. Nepean
7306…Susan Bickram….. Nepean
11723…Susan Carter….. Nepean
8139…Susan White….. Nepean
12300…Suzanne Judd….. Nepean
12565…Taemin Ha….. Nepean
12006…Tammy Delaney….. Nepean
9606…Tammy Harris….. Nepean
9358…Tanya Churchill….. Nepean
7912…Tanya Snook….. Nepean
12287…Teresa Scrivens….. Nepean
9839…Theo Tsang….. Nepean
8386…Thomas Lepine….. Nepean
10595…Thomas Williams….. Nepean
8886…Tina Garbas-Tyrrell….. Nepean
9232…Tina Ryan….. Nepean
13835…Tom Trueman….. Nepean
11430…Tony Cook….. Nepean
11091…Tracey Wilson….. Nepean
7964…Trevor Vrckovnik….. Nepean
14136…Trish Munro….. Nepean
9137…Trishia Ogilvie….. Nepean
9449…Tyler Young….. Nepean
11799…Vivianne Leguerrier….. Nepean
12772…Wayne Yee….. Nepean
9156…Wendy Patenaude….. Nepean
13820…Wendy Threader….. Nepean
9930…Yanika Gauthier….. Nepean
13767…Yupin Spatling….. Nepean
11164…Yvonne Dumont….. Nepean
13370…Zac Lamesse….. Nepean
9261…Zoe Sjolund….. Nepean
7922…Angie Stevenson….. North Gower
8503…Ashley Robinson….. North Gower
10715…Georgia Robinson….. North Gower
12567…Janet Johnston-Vineyard….. North Gower
11683…Julie Poirier….. North Gower
7291…Kim Paley….. North Gower
10827…Marie Dowden….. North Gower
7169…Mark Parry….. North Gower
12566…Mitch Vineyard….. North Gower
10878…Nicole Komendat….. North Gower
8924…Pam Harrison….. North Gower
11684…Rick Poirier….. North Gower
10932…Ronnie Richardson….. North Gower
8909…Susan Gutwin….. North Gower
13785…Tim Stevenson….. North Gower
12092…Vicki Brown….. North Gower
14326…Aaron Derouin….. Orleans
14596…Adam Menzies….. Orleans
11001…Adina Turner….. Orleans
8214…Adrian Fyfe….. Orleans
10279…Aguilar Julio….. Orleans
11131…Ainsley Howard….. Orleans
11387…Alain Beaulieu….. Orleans
11129…Alan Howard….. Orleans
9262…Alan Smith….. Orleans
10930…Alex Renwick….. Orleans
14578…Alexander Overton….. Orleans
9139…Alexis O'bryan….. Orleans
14276…Algis Danaitis….. Orleans
12913…Alison Bennett….. Orleans
11625…Allison Gordon….. Orleans
9771…Alvin Szeto….. Orleans
12743…Amanda Bower….. Orleans
12571…Amanda Daluz….. Orleans
8103…Amanda Hope….. Orleans
13763…Amanda Soule….. Orleans
7623…Amelie Flanagan….. Orleans
8537…Amy Cameron….. Orleans
7091…Andrew Cormack….. Orleans
9249…Andrew Scarlett….. Orleans
13863…Andrew Warden….. Orleans
8544…Angela Maxwell….. Orleans
9292…Anick Taverna….. Orleans
12655…Anik Corbeil….. Orleans
9293…Anita Taylor….. Orleans
13133…Annabelle Dube….. Orleans
10887…Anne Lemay….. Orleans
8534…Anneliese Myers….. Orleans
11811…Annemarie Mccormick….. Orleans
9684…Anne-Marie Ranger….. Orleans
9223…Annik Rouse….. Orleans
13624…Anthony Pickett….. Orleans
11187…Anthony Williamson….. Orleans
11639…Arthur Mckenzie….. Orleans
11637…Arthur Mckenzie….. Orleans
13964…Ashley Arbour….. Orleans
12223…Ashley Beaton….. Orleans
11709…Barbara Bourke….. Orleans
7825…Barbara Oattes….. Orleans
7285…Ben Richard….. Orleans
8632…Bennett Dave….. Orleans
7035…Benoit Cadieux….. Orleans
10854…Bernie Hasselman….. Orleans
8926…Beverley Hatt….. Orleans
7680…Beverley Holden….. Orleans
7786…Bill Meek….. Orleans
13965…Blake Arbour….. Orleans
7767…Bonita Martin….. Orleans
8148…Brenda Cavanagh….. Orleans
7644…Brenda Gosselin….. Orleans
11800…Brenda Leury….. Orleans
13569…Brian Newlove….. Orleans
9857…Brigitte Benay….. Orleans
8718…Brigitte Bourre….. Orleans
10459…Bruce Brunelle….. Orleans
14281…Camelia Touzany….. Orleans
12544…Carl Kletke….. Orleans
11742…Carla De Koning….. Orleans
11765…Carly Gordon….. Orleans
10855…Carly Hasselman….. Orleans
9247…Carmela Savoia….. Orleans
11504…Carmen Foglietta….. Orleans
8048…Carol Daigle….. Orleans
12383…Carol Huot….. Orleans
9665…Carol Moule….. Orleans
11188…Carol Williamson….. Orleans
7634…Carole Gaudes….. Orleans
9756…Caroline Tessier….. Orleans
11983…Chelsea Hughes….. Orleans
13864…Chelsea Warden….. Orleans
12719…Chris Michael….. Orleans
13570…Chris Newlove….. Orleans
11097…Christa Faehndrich….. Orleans
9554…Christina Jahraus….. Orleans
10720…Christina Walker….. Orleans
8751…Christine Casey….. Orleans
9250…Christine Scarlett….. Orleans
9196…Cindy Reid….. Orleans
13040…Clairette Clement….. Orleans
11934…Corey Bursey….. Orleans
14471…Dakota Chamberlain….. Orleans
7184…Danie Michaud….. Orleans
9926…Daniel Bradley….. Orleans
9577…Daniel Quimper….. Orleans
12560…Danielle Richardson….. Orleans
7971…Darlene Welch….. Orleans
9879…Dave Byrne….. Orleans
11894…Dave King….. Orleans
9471…David Ball….. Orleans
9680…David Gee….. Orleans
13386…David Lawrence….. Orleans
13764…David Soule….. Orleans
7982…David Young….. Orleans
8626…Deanna Masur….. Orleans
10835…Deanne Farley….. Orleans
14230…Deanne Mclintock….. Orleans
14252…Debbie Landry….. Orleans
10929…Denis Raymond….. Orleans
10317…Dennis Lloyd….. Orleans
9021…Diane Levesque….. Orleans
7573…Dominique Cusson….. Orleans
11382…Donald Darrell….. Orleans
8975…Donald Kennedy….. Orleans
12226…Doreen Murray….. Orleans
13305…Earl Jared….. Orleans
8763…Edith Chartrand….. Orleans
9509…Edith Gibeault….. Orleans
8550…Elan Graves….. Orleans
10786…Elizabeth Bachand….. Orleans
13765…Emma Soule….. Orleans
7157…Eric Bourbonnais….. Orleans
8360…Eric Christensen….. Orleans
10266…Eric Drouin….. Orleans
12091…Eric Gay….. Orleans
9567…Erica Dixon….. Orleans
7853…Erik Poapst….. Orleans
11443…Ethel Best….. Orleans
11834…Farhana Rahman….. Orleans
9049…Faye Magne….. Orleans
11000…Feyah Turner….. Orleans
12633…France Gagnon….. Orleans
13880…Frederick Whichelo….. Orleans
8213…Fyfe Will….. Orleans
12704…Gabriel Rousseau….. Orleans
14012…Gail Cote….. Orleans
10528…Garrett Fiander….. Orleans
9797…Genevieve Beliveau….. Orleans
12175…George Cormack….. Orleans
12325…Georges Rousseau….. Orleans
14000…Gerry Champagne….. Orleans
9663…Gilles Berger….. Orleans
13647…Gilles Pouliot….. Orleans
10916…Gisele Montgomery….. Orleans
13687…Gisele Rivest….. Orleans
9571…Gorden Cavanagh….. Orleans
9798…Greg Beliveau….. Orleans
13360…Greg Lacroix….. Orleans
8568…Gregory Burt….. Orleans
12061…Gregory Villeneuve….. Orleans
12869…Guy Armstrong….. Orleans
10246…Harold O'connell….. Orleans
7483…Heather Barr….. Orleans
12415…Heather Lloyd….. Orleans
9535…Heather Mcintosh….. Orleans
13766…Heather Soule….. Orleans
14470…Helene Boyer….. Orleans
11796…Henri Lanctot….. Orleans
7981…Ian Yokota….. Orleans
8049…Irvin Daigle….. Orleans
8357…Isabelle Lapierre….. Orleans
9397…Jacinthe Laliberte….. Orleans
8671…Jackie Anton….. Orleans
11807…Jacob Matthews….. Orleans
10084…Jacques Gagne….. Orleans
11594…James Gan….. Orleans
8768…Janice Christensen….. Orleans
11120…Janice Mcintyre….. Orleans
12194…Jannine Moreau….. Orleans
7191…Jason Sinkus….. Orleans
11891…Jean-Pierre Dufour….. Orleans
12332…Jennifer Brisson….. Orleans
8448…Jennifer Buffam….. Orleans
7667…Jennifer Hausman….. Orleans
8981…Jennifer King….. Orleans
7924…Jennifer Stewart….. Orleans
14001…Jessica Champagne….. Orleans
10694…Jessica Danforth….. Orleans
9193…Joan Rajotte….. Orleans
14351…Joanna Streppa….. Orleans
12103…Jo-Anne Matheson….. Orleans
9116…Joanne Mulligan….. Orleans
13911…Joel Bergeron….. Orleans
9516…Johanne Stuart….. Orleans
12422…John Kernick….. Orleans
14089…John Learned….. Orleans
13491…John Mcgregor….. Orleans
14597…John Menzies….. Orleans
9140…John O'bryan….. Orleans
9251…John Scarlett….. Orleans
7939…John Tennant….. Orleans
7959…John Vice….. Orleans
7299…Jonathan Favre….. Orleans
14283…Jonathan Montreuil….. Orleans
9517…Jordi Stuart….. Orleans
11638…Josee Cote….. Orleans
11476…Josee Deleseleuc….. Orleans
11152…Josee Sarazin….. Orleans
12871…Josie Armstrong….. Orleans
12368…Julie Arsenault….. Orleans
11137…Julie Johnson….. Orleans
9248…Julie Savoie….. Orleans
9141…Justin O'bryan….. Orleans
11167…Karianne Lefebvre….. Orleans
8982…Karyl King….. Orleans
8127…Katharina Menduni….. Orleans
10469…Katherine Kurtossy….. Orleans
12716…Kathleen Michael….. Orleans
8692…Kathryn Barr….. Orleans
12308…Katie Williams….. Orleans
7744…Kayla Licari….. Orleans
11772…Kelly Haynes….. Orleans
12718…Kelly Michael….. Orleans
9519…Kelsey Teague….. Orleans
10814…Kenneth Crane….. Orleans
11066…Kenneth Gray….. Orleans
12756…Kevin O'keefe….. Orleans
12564…Kevin Riendeau….. Orleans
10758…Kim Carrier….. Orleans
9075…Kim Mcgowan….. Orleans
14010…Krista Cooper….. Orleans
7317…Kristen Ward….. Orleans
14238…Kyle Thebault….. Orleans
9618…Kylie Rozon….. Orleans
8449…Laura Buffam….. Orleans
8167…Laura St-Pierre….. Orleans
9351…Laura Yokota-Savoia….. Orleans
7051…Lauren Devereux….. Orleans
10556…Laurie Mack….. Orleans
12090…Lesley Gay….. Orleans
8952…Leslie Hurry….. Orleans
14074…Leslie Katz….. Orleans
8747…Lili Caron….. Orleans
14370…Linda Brunet….. Orleans
12072…Linda Dupuis….. Orleans
9300…Lindsay Toll….. Orleans
13860…Lindsay Walthert….. Orleans
13999…Lisa Carozza….. Orleans
9083…Lisa Meek….. Orleans
12198…Lisa St-Amour….. Orleans
12102…Lise Dixon….. Orleans
9213…Lloyd Rockburn….. Orleans
7018…Lorne Schmidt….. Orleans
9214…Louise Rockburn….. Orleans
13761…Louise Soloski….. Orleans
8215…Luc Nadon….. Orleans
9163…Luc Pedneault….. Orleans
10761…Lucie Houle….. Orleans
7222…Lucien Bedard….. Orleans
7804…Lynda Muirhead….. Orleans
13196…M Gauthier….. Orleans
10915…Maiko Mongeon….. Orleans
11121…Malcolm Mcintyre….. Orleans
7960…Manon Virag….. Orleans
8523…Marc Desforges….. Orleans
7501…Marc-Andre Blanke….. Orleans
11695…Marg Zens….. Orleans
7686…Maria Hotston….. Orleans
13468…Maria Perron….. Orleans
9620…Mark Deschamps….. Orleans
12717…Mark Michael….. Orleans
11400…Mark Price….. Orleans
7653…Marquis Hainse….. Orleans
9527…Martine Gagnon….. Orleans
8105…Mary Anne Gillespie….. Orleans
12568…Mary Jane Daluz….. Orleans
8823…Mathieu Dion….. Orleans
14048…Mathieu Gill….. Orleans
14278…Matt Boivin….. Orleans
8211…Matt Fyfe….. Orleans
12872…Matthew Armstrong….. Orleans
11014…Matthew Mckay….. Orleans
14579…Matthew Overton….. Orleans
9252…Matthew Scarlett….. Orleans
9635…Matthew Walthert….. Orleans
12326…Maureen Brennan-Rousseau….. Orleans
8478…Maureen Lamothe….. Orleans
8907…Max Guenette….. Orleans
7474…Megan Apostoleris….. Orleans
9294…Megan Taylor….. Orleans
7524…Michael Brown….. Orleans
13306…Michael Jared….. Orleans
9636…Michael Kampman….. Orleans
13705…Michael Roome….. Orleans
8824…Michel Dion….. Orleans
10957…Michel St Denis….. Orleans
10702…Michelle Best….. Orleans
12206…Michelle Maheux….. Orleans
11136…Mike Johnson….. Orleans
10742…Ming Tung….. Orleans
9088…Mireille Mikhael….. Orleans
10859…Monica Henderson….. Orleans
9772…Monique Goyette….. Orleans
7687…Morgan Hotston….. Orleans
7666…Murray Hatt….. Orleans
8816…Natalie Deschamps….. Orleans
13361…Natascha Lacroix….. Orleans
7736…Natasshia Lee….. Orleans
11065…Nathalie Laroche….. Orleans
9212…Nathalie Rochon….. Orleans
9415…Nerehis Tzivanopolous….. Orleans
9957…Nicolas Ducharme….. Orleans
8674…Nicole Arbic….. Orleans
11214…Nicole Lalonde….. Orleans
10757…Norman May….. Orleans
11672…Olivier Lavictoire….. Orleans
9723…Pamela Lavallee….. Orleans
11673…Patrice Lavictoire….. Orleans
11294…Patrick Grenier….. Orleans
9019…Patrick Levasseur….. Orleans
11572…Patrick Mcvarnock….. Orleans
12765…Patrick Sarda….. Orleans
14591…Paul Mcdonough….. Orleans
10760…Paul Walker….. Orleans
12508…Pauline Giese….. Orleans
13913…Peter Blier….. Orleans
10433…Peter Devlin….. Orleans
14130…Philippe Milot….. Orleans
8761…Pierre Charron….. Orleans
12738…Pierre Huet….. Orleans
11293…Pierrette Grenier….. Orleans
8450…Rachel Buffam….. Orleans
9722…Rachel Lessard….. Orleans
10893…Rachel Mac Duff….. Orleans
8583…Rafael Huet….. Orleans
12528…Randy Buffam….. Orleans
11151…Randy Lahaise….. Orleans
8348…Raymond Mcinnis….. Orleans
12623…Raymond Ouimet….. Orleans
10143…Rebeca Shaw….. Orleans
9518…Rebecca Teague….. Orleans
11272…Remika Gautam….. Orleans
10810…Renelle Cloutier….. Orleans
11653…Richard Purves….. Orleans
12113…Richard Tremblay….. Orleans
10924…Rita Paul….. Orleans
9320…Rob Vice….. Orleans
10815…Robbie Crane….. Orleans
9782…Robert Blasutti….. Orleans
9647…Robert Downey….. Orleans
11168…Robert Jr Lefebvre….. Orleans
11820…Robert Morin….. Orleans
11982…Robert Patchett….. Orleans
7907…Robert Simard….. Orleans
11881…Robin Whitford….. Orleans
7054…Robyn Macdonald….. Orleans
13998…Roger Butt….. Orleans
13586…Ron Orien….. Orleans
9454…Roy Maclellan….. Orleans
14449…Sandy Clark….. Orleans
12414…Sandy Jones….. Orleans
9352…Sara Yokota-Savoia….. Orleans
7712…Scott King….. Orleans
9439…Sean Patchett….. Orleans
14158…Sesha Rabideau….. Orleans
10999…Shaily Turner….. Orleans
12947…Shanna Boutilier….. Orleans
10364…Shannon Snider….. Orleans
7287…Shawn Hohenkirk….. Orleans
8533…Shawn Myers….. Orleans
14469…Shayne Chamberlain….. Orleans
9218…Shirley Rogers….. Orleans
8730…Stacey Brisebois….. Orleans
10766…Stacy Taylor….. Orleans
7182…Stephan Lemaire….. Orleans
11228…Stephanie Ettinger….. Orleans
12141…Stephen James….. Orleans
11900…Steve Greenwood….. Orleans
7336…Steve Pelletier….. Orleans
10875…Susan Kes….. Orleans
12437…Susan Lepine….. Orleans
8117…Susan Villeneuve….. Orleans
9579…Suzanne Giguere….. Orleans
9089…Suzanne Mikkelsen….. Orleans
11130…Sydney Howard….. Orleans
14616…Sylvain Levesque….. Orleans
9972…Sylvie Daoust….. Orleans
12431…Sylvie Godbout….. Orleans
9596…Sylvie Morin….. Orleans
8536…Talia Cameron….. Orleans
13387…Talia Lawrence….. Orleans
8047…Tamiko Von Eicken….. Orleans
12024…Tammy Edwards….. Orleans
7236…Tammy Gardner….. Orleans
5841…Tanja Scharf….. Orleans
7621…Tanya Finlay….. Orleans
9166…Taylor Perron….. Orleans
9970…Tom Kannemann….. Orleans
7962…Tommy Vranas….. Orleans
10149…Tonie Lavictoire….. Orleans
10340…Tori Maclean….. Orleans
8286…Tracey Fitzpatrick….. Orleans
11349…Tracey Gibbons….. Orleans
7654…Traci Hainse….. Orleans
8619…Tracy Rizok….. Orleans
10527…Travis Fiander….. Orleans
13808…Tristan Tessier….. Orleans
8672…Val Anton….. Orleans
9639…Valerie Beauchesne….. Orleans
13362…Valerie Ladouceur….. Orleans
9661…Valerie Marcil….. Orleans
12682…Valerie O'connell….. Orleans
12320…Vanessa Sanger….. Orleans
11877…Venise Volodarsky….. Orleans
13400…Veronik Leblanc….. Orleans
7583…Veronique Daviault….. Orleans
10568…Vicki Aubin….. Orleans
10132…Vince Daluz….. Orleans
11778…Wendy Hickson….. Orleans
11847…Wendy Ruthven….. Orleans
8873…Wyn Fournier….. Orleans
9237…Xavier Saindon….. Orleans
13595…Yvonne Parsons….. Orleans
12155…Zachary St-Pierre….. Orleans
14285…Zack Hazledine….. Orleans
11808…Zoe Matthews….. Orleans
7779…Didi Mclean….. Oxford Mills
8868…Jana Ford….. Oxford Mills
12796…Julie Shephard….. Oxford Mills
8933…Kim Hennessy….. Oxford Mills
12783…Leia Richards….. Oxford Mills
13324…Marvin Kealey….. Oxford Mills
10641…Nadia Diakun-Thibault….. Oxford Mills
10347…Robert Lachance….. Oxford Mills
14619…Aida Izquierdo….. Pembroke
9041…Alanna Macgregor….. Pembroke
14622…Amanda Sykes….. Pembroke
10393…Amelia Gallant….. Pembroke
10499…Bernadette Demong….. Pembroke
13176…Brian Fraser….. Pembroke
10389…Chantal Gallant….. Pembroke
10778…Cheryl Gallant….. Pembroke
12346…Chichi Mgbemena….. Pembroke
8435…Chuck Mathe….. Pembroke
10884…Deanna Lang….. Pembroke
13263…Derek Hebner….. Pembroke
10342…Donald Sheppard….. Pembroke
10000…Elisabelle St-Hilaire….. Pembroke
10392…Ellyse Gallant….. Pembroke
10500…Erik Fleurant….. Pembroke
10794…Ginger Boucher….. Pembroke
12592…Hilary Reiche….. Pembroke
10390…James Gallant….. Pembroke
12724…Jessica Bucci….. Pembroke
14624…John Blair….. Pembroke
14623…Jordan Blair….. Pembroke
8436…Kerry Nolan….. Pembroke
10391…Lauren Gallant….. Pembroke
10343…Lorie Sheppard….. Pembroke
12539…Lynn Carre….. Pembroke
9999…Marie-Philippe St-Hilaire….. Pembroke
12154…Melissa Jarvis….. Pembroke
10606…Michael Murphy….. Pembroke
14368…Michelle Rousselle….. Pembroke
12889…Mike Baxter….. Pembroke
13862…P Ward….. Pembroke
10209…Peter Harrington….. Pembroke
11042…Renee Fleurant….. Pembroke
10001…Ryan Bergin….. Pembroke
12775…Sherri Forward….. Pembroke
12214…Stanley Gauthier….. Pembroke
9996…Andrea Kennedy….. Perth
7433…Angela Gilbertson….. Perth
8227…Anne Marie Gallant….. Perth
12019…Ashley Murphy….. Perth
11265…Bobbi-Jo Jarvis….. Perth
11002…Charles Kirkwood….. Perth
12397…Connor Stewart….. Perth
8983…Dawn Kirkham….. Perth
12984…Derick Buffam….. Perth
11566…Georgine Elderkin….. Perth
12985…Jacob Buffam….. Perth
12398…Jim Stewart….. Perth
14219…Kayla Millar….. Perth
8617…Kelly Ireton….. Perth
8243…Kim Hazen….. Perth
9243…Lexi Saunders….. Perth
9244…Lisa Saunders….. Perth
8508…Lise Harris….. Perth
9245…Logan Saunders….. Perth
1048…Lynn Marsh….. Perth
9246…Nolan Saunders….. Perth
12866…Quattrocchi Annette….. Perth
9345…Rhonda Wright….. Perth
12939…Sharon Bothwell….. Perth
8230…Steve Gallant….. Perth
9109…Tammy Morrison….. Perth
13634…Tracy Plourde….. Perth
10478…Adele Burry….. Petawawa
12488…Amanda Prud'homme….. Petawawa
8382…Amy Christensen….. Petawawa
12832…Andrew Chan….. Petawawa
11299…Andrew Wilson….. Petawawa
13224…Angela Grandy….. Petawawa
8562…Annette Baisley….. Petawawa
10615…Bethany Hackworth….. Petawawa
11686…Bonnie Farrel….. Petawawa
10979…Brenda Willsie….. Petawawa
11069…Brian Mckay….. Petawawa
10505…Bryanna Novack….. Petawawa
7898…Caroline Seessle….. Petawawa
9372…Chico Traclet….. Petawawa
13195…Chris Gauthier….. Petawawa
12545…Chris Stewart….. Petawawa
12799…Claire Luesink….. Petawawa
12654…Clinton Vardy….. Petawawa
8228…Colleen Williams….. Petawawa
8082…Connor Chalmers-Wein….. Petawawa
13670…Cora Rennie….. Petawawa
10564…Corey Rice….. Petawawa
10014…Daniel Brissette….. Petawawa
13499…Daniel Mclaren….. Petawawa
10907…Daniel Milburn….. Petawawa
7961…Dave Vooght….. Petawawa
13219…David Gottfried….. Petawawa
13227…David Grebstad….. Petawawa
13442…Donna Macera….. Petawawa
10498…Doug Bowers….. Petawawa
8095…Emma Bowers….. Petawawa
12184…Eric Brisebois….. Petawawa
9656…Eric Jutras….. Petawawa
9770…Eric Pilon….. Petawawa
3822…Eric Roy….. Petawawa
10408…Eve Boyce….. Petawawa
9413…Fedora Lombardo….. Petawawa
13002…Gillian Campbell….. Petawawa
12991…Glen Butcher….. Petawawa
13444…Grant Macintosh….. Petawawa
13253…Greg Hatcher….. Petawawa
7043…Haley Moreau….. Petawawa
11688…Harrison Lane….. Petawawa
10094…Heather Skaling….. Petawawa
10617…Heidi Tingley….. Petawawa
10993…Heike Traclet….. Petawawa
9326…Ian Walcott….. Petawawa
10620…James Conway….. Petawawa
13225…Janessa Grandy….. Petawawa
13205…Jennifer German….. Petawawa
9453…Jeris Chalmers-Wein….. Petawawa
10684…Joann Tyrie….. Petawawa
11298…Jody Weymouth….. Petawawa
11372…Johanne Guimond….. Petawawa
8495…John Stevenson….. Petawawa
10565…Johnny Rice….. Petawawa
8592…Joseph Firlotte….. Petawawa
10670…Julianne Godard….. Petawawa
8496…Julie Stevenson….. Petawawa
12388…Kelly Brissette….. Petawawa
11081…Kelly Dove….. Petawawa
8034…Kelsey Macintosh….. Petawawa
14366…Kenneth Highsted….. Petawawa
10371…Kevin Cameron….. Petawawa
11082…Kirstyn Dove….. Petawawa
11632…Kristin De Jong….. Petawawa
12127…Lana Gillard….. Petawawa
12038…Laura Moreau….. Petawawa
10464…Leona Vance….. Petawawa
11662…Lisa Bourque….. Petawawa
12110…Lisa Fedak….. Petawawa
11049…Lucinda Vienneau….. Petawawa
10326…Marc Parent….. Petawawa
11068…Margaret Mckay….. Petawawa
8561…Mark Baisley….. Petawawa
8116…Marla Lesage….. Petawawa
8341…Marsha Robertson….. Petawawa
8600…Matthew Devine….. Petawawa
8953…Melissa Huston….. Petawawa
10410…Michael Companion….. Petawawa
12182…Michelle Brisebois….. Petawawa
8601…Molly Mcinnes Learning….. Petawawa
8229…Nick Williams….. Petawawa
12723…Nicole Laidlaw….. Petawawa
9479…Nina Di Sabatino….. Petawawa
12075…Pascale Paradis….. Petawawa
12037…Paul Moreau….. Petawawa
14605…Rich Gallant….. Petawawa
10063…Robert Mallory….. Petawawa
9090…Rodney Milburn….. Petawawa
7809…Ron Needham….. Petawawa
10497…Sam Bowers….. Petawawa
12685…Samantha Dacey….. Petawawa
9051…Sandra Majczyna….. Petawawa
13277…Scott Horodecky….. Petawawa
10683…Scott Tyrie….. Petawawa
9456…Selina Hatcher….. Petawawa
12766…Shane Learning….. Petawawa
10566…Sheldon Rice….. Petawawa
7401…Steve Buckett….. Petawawa
11984…Susan Chalmers….. Petawawa
12684…Suzanne Dacey….. Petawawa
11327…Tania Thompson….. Petawawa
13716…Tanner Rutz….. Petawawa
10332…Tiffeny Holdom….. Petawawa
13052…Todd Constantine….. Petawawa
10623…Valerie Plant….. Petawawa
12995…Vanessa Butler….. Petawawa
12524…Virginia Rich….. Petawawa
7355…Wayne Eyre….. Petawawa
13226…William Grandy….. Petawawa
12819…William Hawley….. Petawawa
10406…Angela Gauthier-Demers….. Plantagenet
8509…Annie Gauthier….. Plantagenet
8174…Carole Lapointe….. Plantagenet
13145…Debbie Elie….. Plantagenet
13101…Leo Demers….. Plantagenet
9229…Malika Rozon Sibera….. Plantagenet
13632…Christian Plante….. Pontiac
9285…Glen Swan….. Pontiac
9286…Heather Swan….. Pontiac
9287…Jane Swan….. Pontiac
9288…Janice Swan….. Pontiac
9289…Martin Swan….. Pontiac
7645…Renee Gosselin….. Pontiac
13633…Samuel Plante….. Pontiac
9290…Seamus Swan….. Pontiac
14139…Andrew Noonan….. Prescott
9845…Angela Powell….. Prescott
14140…Betty Noonan….. Prescott
12896…Chris Bedor….. Prescott
13193…Colleen Gander….. Prescott
11510…Darlene Daub….. Prescott
12897…Kim Bedor….. Prescott
11995…Leanne Crain….. Prescott
9128…Sandy Noonan….. Prescott
14141…Wayne Noonan….. Prescott
13846…Amanda Vance….. Renfrew
12915…Connor Bennett….. Renfrew
10021…Daryl Fiebig….. Renfrew
10020…Debbie Fiebig….. Renfrew
8035…Kelley Whitman….. Renfrew
14125…Lindsay Mcnulty….. Renfrew
10844…Lisa Gauthier….. Renfrew
7624…Rachel Folkema….. Renfrew
8136…Sonya Lepine….. Renfrew
14198…Adrianna Van Zeeland….. Richmond
10889…Al Lewis….. Richmond
10948…Andre Seiffert….. Richmond
8670…Barbara Annas….. Richmond
8620…Brent Macintyre….. Richmond
10318…Carl Turenne….. Richmond
12135…Carla Zylstra….. Richmond
10796…Charlene Burnside….. Richmond
14149…Christine Pepin….. Richmond
12829…Connie Bresee….. Richmond
8188…Dawn Jordon….. Richmond
10825…Deena Desson….. Richmond
11809…Diane Mayer….. Richmond
13281…Dominique Huet….. Richmond
7066…Heather Hunter….. Richmond
8306…Jamie Jordon….. Richmond
10737…Janet Moul….. Richmond
11810…Jerry Mayer….. Richmond
8256…Joe Barthelette….. Richmond
10944…Kristin Ryan….. Richmond
13240…Laura Habgood….. Richmond
12895…Lionel Bedard….. Richmond
13241…Michael Habgood….. Richmond
7598…Pierre Doiron….. Richmond
7242…Roger Crispin….. Richmond
9907…Scott Cooper….. Richmond
10890…Sean Lewis….. Richmond
7814…Sherry Newman….. Richmond
12989…Stephen Burwash….. Richmond
10891…Suzanne Lewis….. Richmond
10919…Theresa Murray….. Richmond
13550…Tom Moul….. Richmond
10381…Tony Steele….. Richmond
9175…Tracey Pick….. Richmond
10380…Wendy Steele….. Richmond
9162…Whitney Peasley….. Richmond
7358…Amanda Hebert….. Rockland
11875…Andre Vezina….. Rockland
12217…Belanna Mclean….. Rockland
10378…Braeden Roy….. Rockland
13165…Brenda Flood….. Rockland
8452…Carrie Mccoombs….. Rockland
10516…Catherine Watson….. Rockland
8314…Colene O'brien….. Rockland
8614…Connie Hadley….. Rockland
11773…Darlene Hebert….. Rockland
14418…Debbie Simms….. Rockland
14272…Emilie Deschamps….. Rockland
12993…Erika Butler….. Rockland
13854…Fran Vollhoffer….. Rockland
12379…Ghislain Veilleux….. Rockland
11755…Gisele Forest….. Rockland
10273…Guylain Ouellette….. Rockland
8313…Irene Lemaire….. Rockland
9836…Isabelle Tremblay….. Rockland
14263…Jolene Marinier….. Rockland
7980…Josanne Yelle….. Rockland
8451…Josef Mccoombs….. Rockland
12994…Karl Butler….. Rockland
11635…Michael Crabbe….. Rockland
7570…Michael Croteau….. Rockland
14419…Mitchell Simms….. Rockland
11551…Nancy Crabbe….. Rockland
14461…Nelson Lizotte….. Rockland
9386…Patricia Wright….. Rockland
12195…Pierre Archambault….. Rockland
10621…Robin Zito….. Rockland
12728…Roylana Larochelle….. Rockland
12219…Sam Mclean….. Rockland
8207…Serina K. Archambault….. ROckland
11162…Sharlene L. Archambault….. Rockland
13262…Simon Hebert….. Rockland
14421…Stephanie Simms….. Rockland
11161…Sylvie Archambault….. Rockland
12458…Tom Whelan….. Rockland
12071…Vickie Sheppard….. Rockland
12035…Donna Courchesne….. Shawville
7571…Debi Cunningham….. Smiths Falls
11452…Fabian Boone….. Smiths Falls
13512…Garry Mellan….. Smiths Falls
11717…Grace Buffam….. Smiths Falls
8690…Heather Bannon….. Smiths Falls
7532…Jen Cahill….. Smiths Falls
13517…Kat Merrells….. Smiths Falls
8707…Kim Berry….. Smiths Falls
13626…Matthew Pilon….. Smiths Falls
13317…Norma Jones-Myers….. Smiths Falls
8950…Pat Hunter Muldoon….. Smiths Falls
13067…Russell Cowan….. Smiths Falls
10638…Sheena Shilton….. Smiths Falls
8178…Stephen Wintle….. Smiths Falls
9793…Tammy Mulrooney….. Smiths Falls
13627…Tammy Pilon….. Smiths Falls
13358…Tanya Labelle….. Smiths Falls
8928…Theresa Heaslip….. Smiths Falls
8205…Alan Burgess….. South Mountain
8204…Carolyn Burgess….. South Mountain
14352…Julie Streska….. Spencerville
7220…Brian Roos….. St. Albert
12101…Kevin Rocchi….. St. Albert
8191…Lisa Bambrick….. St. Albert
13734…Patricia Sauve….. St. Albert
9354…|Jo Young….. Stittsville
8930…Aidan Heffernan….. Stittsville
11103…Alain Brazeau….. Stittsville
8352…Alyssa Endicott….. Stittsville
13896…Amanda Woodward….. Stittsville
13450…Amy Macleod….. Stittsville
8996…Annick Lafleche….. Stittsville
8289…Anthea Odai-Abaloo….. Stittsville
7884…April Sabourin….. Stittsville
10216…Bethany Roy….. Stittsville
8639…Blake Van Den Heuvel….. Stittsville
8931…Brendan Heffernan….. Stittsville
8831…Briana Downey….. Stittsville
7101…Brigitte Garvock….. Stittsville
8832…Brittney Downey….. Stittsville
13124…Bruce Donnelly….. Stittsville
9235…Caitlin Sabourin….. Stittsville
9748…Cameron Ellis….. Stittsville
12156…Carrie Brown….. Stittsville
9747…Carrie Gudgeon….. Stittsville
7510…Catherine Boucher….. Stittsville
10803…Cathy Chalmers….. Stittsville
11905…Cathy Chorniawy….. Stittsville
7834…Cathy O'neil….. Stittsville
10936…Cathy Robinson….. Stittsville
13155…Charles Falardeau….. Stittsville
14437…Chris Kurlicki….. Stittsville
13402…Chris Leger….. Stittsville
4481…Chris Stacey….. Stittsville
11275…Christiane Mendes….. Stittsville
10707…Christine Lusk….. Stittsville
11729…Claire Collis….. Stittsville
11866…Clarice Tattersall….. Stittsville
7885…Dakota Sabourin….. Stittsville
9337…Daphne Whiting….. Stittsville
9423…David Butler….. Stittsville
13488…Deb Mcgeachy….. Stittsville
12018…Denise Morrison….. Stittsville
7595…Dennis Desjardins….. Stittsville
13704…Don Rooke….. Stittsville
7886…Doug Sabourin….. Stittsville
8264…E. Roselyn Murphy….. Stittsville
9013…Elise Lavigne….. Stittsville
10708…Elizabeth Goddard….. Stittsville
14068…Eric Irons….. Stittsville
8332…Eric Kahler….. Stittsville
9482…Eric Morrison….. Stittsville
13910…Felix Belzile….. Stittsville
7548…Gerald Chamberlain….. Stittsville
12140…Grace Lachance….. Stittsville
10091…Greg Vanclief….. Stittsville
7759…Guy Macleod….. Stittsville
11274…Harold Mendes….. Stittsville
8749…Heather Carty….. Stittsville
7976…Hope Wilson….. Stittsville
14279…J.R. (Bob) Auchterlonie….. Stittsville
7061…Jason O'donnell….. Stittsville
11867…Jenna Tattersall….. Stittsville
7465…Jennifer Ailey….. Stittsville
11186…Jennifer Reid-Hudson….. Stittsville
12503…Jennifer Tschanz….. Stittsville
11109…Jerry Shelest….. Stittsville
7231…Jessica Pomeroy….. Stittsville
9555…Jody Fraser….. Stittsville
8966…Joel Kam….. Stittsville
14132…Joelle Morin….. Stittsville
8458…John Green….. Stittsville
11868…John Tattersall….. Stittsville
13884…John Williams….. Stittsville
14457…Jon Andrews….. Stittsville
9236…Judy Sabourin….. Stittsville
8044…Julia Gervais….. Stittsville
13477…Kaitlyn Mccaughan….. Stittsville
11104…Karen Dokken….. Stittsville
7366…Karen Kurlicki….. Stittsville
12262…Karin Wiens….. Stittsville
12591…Katherine Williton….. Stittsville
10101…Kelby Hamilton….. Stittsville
8833…Kevin Downey….. Stittsville
8173…Kristen Cameron….. Stittsville
4441…Kyle Mackay….. Stittsville
8560…Laura Coxworth….. Stittsville
9462…Laura Miller….. Stittsville
5825…Laurel Rosene….. Stittsville
7252…Laurie Laird….. Stittsville
13257…Liisa Hayman….. Stittsville
7258…Lisa Steele….. Stittsville
4442…Louise Mackay….. Stittsville
11185…Lucas Hudson….. Stittsville
10561…Lucas Hudson….. Stittsville
4067…Lynn Messager….. Stittsville
7877…Marc Roy….. Stittsville
13717…Marc Rydzik….. Stittsville
9045…Martha Macleod….. Stittsville
8935…Mary Herbert….. Stittsville
10682…Maryam Tangaki….. Stittsville
7479…Matt Bafia….. Stittsville
13989…Megan Ashlee Bowes….. Stittsville
8750…Meghan Carty….. Stittsville
8897…Melanie Goodfellow….. Stittsville
12261…Melissa Bouchard….. Stittsville
14270…Michaela Carella….. Stittsville
12260…Michel Bouchard….. Stittsville
9105…Michel Morin….. Stittsville
7511…Michelle Boucher….. Stittsville
11340…Michelle Endicott….. Stittsville
7668…Michelle Hay….. Stittsville
452…Moira Mcdonald….. Stittsville
7419…Nathalie Daigle….. Stittsville
7466…Nicholas Alexander….. Stittsville
10164…Peter Ennis….. Stittsville
11819…Pierre Monette….. Stittsville
10163…Rachel Ennis….. Stittsville
12108…Randal Walsh….. Stittsville
7609…Randy Dudding….. Stittsville
13166…Rene Flores….. Stittsville
10562…Renee Mcfarlane….. Stittsville
7669…Robert Hay….. Stittsville
12768…Robert Kinsman….. Stittsville
12139…Robert Lachance….. Stittsville
9510…Ruth Ann Sullivan….. Stittsville
10663…Sally Rideout….. Stittsville
13083…Sarah D'angelo….. Stittsville
8354…Savanna Endicott….. Stittsville
7790…Scott Miller….. Stittsville
13955…Shannelle Adam….. Stittsville
11395…Sheila Smith….. Stittsville
7902…Stephen Shaw….. Stittsville
13478…Steve Mccaughan….. Stittsville
9082…Steve Mcstravick….. Stittsville
4443…Stuart Mackay….. Stittsville
10607…Tania Lelievre….. Stittsville
13159…Taylor Ferris….. Stittsville
8967…Tenely Kam….. Stittsville
7480…Tim Bafia….. Stittsville
11184…Wayne Hudson….. Stittsville
12088…Wendy Fraser….. Stittsville
12899…Angelo Belanger….. Val-Des-Monts
12609…Anne Morin….. Val-Des-Monts
9924…Audrey Soucy….. Val-Des-Monts
12608…Dominik Roberge….. Val-Des-Monts
9444…Dominique Emond….. Val-Des-Monts
13539…Marc Moo Sang….. Val-Des-Monts
10305…Stefanie Moo Sang….. Val-Des-Monts
9443…Stephane Gravel….. Val-Des-Monts
7069…Yvan Dolan….. Val-Des-Monts
13380…Alison Laturnus….. Vanier
12319…Marthe Belanger….. Vanier
10418…Nicolas Fortin….. Vanier
12706…Thomas Bastien….. Vanier
10772…Michel Surprenant….. Vars
12628…Mike Kennedy….. Vars
13062…Sharon Courneyea….. Vars
12885…Sonia Barrette….. Vars
13276…Ali Hopper….. Wakefield
12699…Joanne Khouryati….. Wakefield
10310…Kerry Antonello….. White Lake
8729…Michelle Brennan….. White Lake
13252…Andrea Harrison….. Williamstown
13013…Bill Chambre….. Williamstown
13014…Cody Chambre….. Williamstown
13015…Sam Chambre….. Williamstown
8142…Christina Enright….. Winchester
10159…James Shelaga….. Winchester
9233…Marnie Rylaarsdam….. Winchester
11981…Nicole Robinson….. Winchester
9586…Ronald Harrison….. Winchester
12100…Carolyn Sandor-Weston….. Woodlawn
13458…Helen Malacrida….. Woodlawn
9853…Joanne Kumpf….. Woodlawn
12708…Michele Davey….. Woodlawn
7060…Mick Weston….. Woodlawn
Rebel Without a Cause…..Sheltie style
Just what am I doing in a photo like this…..Am I a bit early for the Christmas celebrations….Or have I really been tagged with the bad boy image……And if so……I wonder just how unfair and unjust that is…..After all…..How was i to know that she had been cheating on me….And now…….Like everyone else around me who has known for a while ……. I know too……..So now….. I have decided that i need a little something ……to help dull the pain……Ok …..That little something has maybe got out of hand……And maybe Johnnie and Jack  are not the best friends to have close to me at times like this…..But at least they don’t lie and cheat on me…..And now….. Looking myself in the mirror …..I realise, just how much I have been letting myself go, by not shaving for a while……Which leads me to wonder if I still have what it takes………..As I now realise that maybe that bad boy image is not so far off the mark after all…….Because let’s face it…..If I don’t soon get this drink back into the drink cabinet where it belongs, and stop play acting the Hollywood spoilt super star……..  Steve will be home……And we will be right back at the beginning of this story by being tagged the bad boy…. Only this time it would be for real……Mm mm…...
Say hello to Sherlock……Who has grown up a bit since this was taken….And no……He is no bad boy…..And truth be told……He no rebel either…..He is as looks….Pure Sheltie……Who likes to play a bit…… Is he really as cute as he looks…..You bet…xxxx.
Chaotic Waterfall, Lead Mines Clough, Rivington.
A black and white photograph taken at Limestone Brook near Lead Mines Clough in Rivington, Bolton. I used a Nikon 12 - 24mm wide angle lens and wanted to show a juxtaposition between the calmness of the waterfall in the background and the chaoticness of the flowing water in the foreground.
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City, New York, United States
A collaborative project of the Federal Public Works Administration and the newly established New York City Housing Authority, the Williamsburg Houses are notable as one of the earliest housing developments in the United States to reflect the ideas of the modern movement in architecture. In the 1920s Williamsburg was one of the most densely populated sections of Brooklyn and nearly six hundred, mostly frame, structures were demolished to create the 23.3 acre site. Proposed in 1934, this residential complex was skillfully designed by the Williamsburg Associated Architects during 1935 and most units were occupied by 1938. 
The partnership included Richmond H. Shreve, of Shreve, Lamb & Harmon, the architects of the Empire State Building, and William Lescaze, the Swiss-born architect who helped introduce the “International” style on the eastern seaboard. Lescaze was responsible for the design, which includes twenty 4-story structures on four “super” blocks turned at 15 degree angles to the street grid. Oriented to the sun and prevailing winds, this unusual layout produced a series of large and small courts, many of which flow into a large public space at the center of each block. A light-colored palette distinguishes the facades, executed in tan brick and exposed concrete. 
Among the most prominent features are the entrances, marked by blue tile and projecting stainless steel canopies, and the handsome streamlined storefronts. The complex was widely discussed by contemporary critics and more than 25,000 New Yorkers applied for 1,622 apartments. During the mid-1990s, the buildings underwent an extensive restoration which included the replacement of all exterior materials. Sponsored by the Housing Authority, in consultation with the Landmarks Preservation Commission, these alterations were remarkably sensitive and in the 4th edition of the AIA Guide to New York City the “revivified” complex was called “the best public housing project ever built in New York.” 
DESCRIPTION AND ANALYSIS 
From the rowhouse to the apartment building, New York City has been a laboratory for innovative housing. Beginning after the Civil War, apartments, variously known as French Flats and tenements, were built to house the city’s surging population. Immigrants, for the most part, crowded into unregulated tenements, structures that maximized profits for developers while providing few amenities that we take for granted today, such as light, air, and private bathrooms. 
Despite government efforts to legislate minimum standards in 1867 and 1879, initially private individuals took the most significant steps to make decent housing affordable to all. Several pioneering examples were located close to the Brooklyn waterfront, including the Home and Tower Buildings , the Astral Apartments  and Riverside . The later complex surrounded a large tree-shaded courtyard incorporating a music pavilion and areas for drying laundry.  Despite these, and a few innovative Manhattan developments, the majority of New Yorkers continued to live in substandard conditions. 
The passage of the New Tenement Law in 1901 improved the situation, requiring that multiple dwellings be built on significantly larger lots, with fire escapes and separate “privies” for each family. After World War I, the garden apartment came into vogue. While most were built for the middle class, especially in Jackson Heights, a significant group were sponsored by unions and cooperative organizations that wished to provide members with inexpensive apartments. Significant examples include the Amalgamated Houses  on Manhattan’s Lower East Side and the “Coops” built in the Bronx by the United Workers Cooperative Association . 
The first significant act of government intervention occurred in 1926 with the passage of the New York State Housing Law. Promoted by Governor Alfred E. Smith to encourage construction through the formation of local authorities that would sell bonds or seek federal funds, it had little impact until 1934 when the New York City Housing Authority  was established. The authority’s first project, aptly called the First Houses , was located in Manhattan’s East Village. Begun as a rehabilitation program involving the demolition of every third structure, due to structural problems the eight brick buildings were entirely rebuilt.
 Throughout the early Depression, government-subsidized housing remained a controversial issue. Consequently, it was first promoted as worker relief, organized to create jobs but not compete with the commercial market. The first federal agency to involve itself with housing was the Reconstruction Finance Corporation  which was created in 1932 to provide low-interest loans to limited-dividend housing corporations. Of the two loans it made, one was toward the construction of Knickerbocker Village . Built for the Fred F. French Company, this Chinatown-area development consists of two 12-story buildings, both enclosing an interior courtyard. 
In mid-1933, as part of Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s New Deal, the Housing Division of the Public Works Administration  was established. What made this agency different from its predecessor, the RFC, was that it would be directly involved in the planning and construction of low-income housing. The program was a great success and over the next three and half years it collaborated on the design and construction of 51 projects in 36 cities, including the Harlem River Houses and the Williamsburg Houses. 
The passage of the Wagner-Steagall Bill  by the United States Congress in September 1937, strengthened the federal government’s commitment to housing, but shifted greater control to local authorities. The first New York City housing project to be financed under this program was the Red Hook Houses  in Brooklyn. Future construction, which would amount to more than half a million low-rental units nationwide by 1957, would be funded primarily through low-interest loans. 
The Williamsburg Houses are located in northwestern Brooklyn, approximately one mile east of the Williamsburg Bridge and two blocks south of Grand Street, a lively commercial thoroughfare. Founded as part of the town of Bushwick in the mid17th century, Williamsburg was incorporated as a village in 1827. The community prospered and by 1852 it was the 20th largest city in the nation. Three years later, Williamsburg became part of Brooklyn and was commonly referred to as the Eastern District. Although ferry service was important to the area’s development, it was the planning and construction of a second East River crossing, the Williamsburg Bridge, that caused the most dramatic growth. 
Proposed in 1883, the bridge was completed with much fanfare in 1903, serving pedestrians, bicycles and horse-drawn vehicles. In subsequent decades, Williamsburg rivaled the Lower East Side in population and density. The Brooklyn Eagle claimed in 1920 that the bridge was part of the busiest traffic center in the nation and that a single block north of it was the most crowded in the world. Conditions in the neighborhood continued to deteriorate throughout the decade, so much so that the population began to decline. 
In October 1933, the Federal Works Administration  established a slum clearance committee to study conditions throughout New York City.  Richmond H. Shreve, who would later serve as chief architect of the Williamsburg Houses, was named director. Based on the committee’s recommendations, $25 million was set aside for a housing program in New York City. Under the direction of the NYCHA, a more comprehensive study was undertaken in 1934, focusing on fourteen neighborhoods, including Williamsburg. The PWA reported: 
When the study was completed the blighted slum area of the Williamsburg section stood out as the best example where the most good could be done in wholesale clearance work. 
Of 93 blocks studied, a grid of 12 was identified for redevelopment in Williamsburg. These blocks were chosen because property values were relatively low and the owners were willing to sell. Most of buildings were mixed-use, incorporating retail spaces at ground level and apartments above.  Each lot was carefully documented: 90% of the structures were at least forty years old, 70% were built of wood, 78% had no central heating, and 67% had no private toilets. Such statistics were used to paint an extremely bleak picture of life there: 
But the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, according to official surveys, is unique in that its slums bear the stamp of dull listlessness and despair . . . Laissez faire, exploitation, and land speculation have robbed the community of its natural potentialities for development and orderly urban life. 
Public amenities were also in short supply; there were few schools and there were almost no parks. 
Five architects were appointed to the NYCHA’s architectural board in May 1934: Richmond H. Shreve  of Shreve, Lamb & Harmon, Matthew W. Del Gaudio , William Lescaze , Arthur C. Holden , and James F. Bly.  As members of the board, their initial role was advisory. They would act as the authority’s chief architect, overseeing the design and construction of municipal housing citywide.  
In June 1934 an open competition was held to choose the architects who would work on the Williamsburg Houses and other NYCHA projects. The program guidelines did not specify the location, but the grid chosen closely resembled the long blocks where the Williamsburg Houses would be built. Of 278 architects who participated, 5 of the 22 selected were assigned to the Brooklyn project: Samuel Gardstein, of Holmgren, Volz & Gardstein, G. Harmon Gurney , of Gurney & Clavan, John W. Ingle Jr., Paul Trapani , and Harry Leslie Walker . 
In June 1935, a contract was signed with the Williamsburg Associated Architects.  The partnership consisted of ten men: the five architects selected by jury, as well as the five members of the architectural board. Among them, Shreve had the most experience with large projects, having worked on a succession of major Manhattan skyscrapers, most notably, the Empire State Building . 
A graduate of the College of Architecture at Cornell University , he began his career as a member of the school’s faculty and later joined the firm of Carrére & Hastings in New York City where he distinguished himself as having a “genius for the solution of operational and administrative problems.” Whereas prior to the Depression he mainly worked on office buildings, in his later years Shreve was associated with residential developments, most notably the Vladeck Houses  on the Lower East Side, and Parkchester , a development with more than twelve thousand apartments in the Bronx. During the late 1930s, he also served as a member of the board of design for the New York World’s Fair. 
Of the three initial projects built by the NYCHA and the PWA, the Williamsburg Houses were the most innovative. Shreve appointed Lescaze as the chief designer, responsible for the plan and elevations. In the 1930s, he was at the height of his career, profiled in publications read by professionals and the layman. Born near Geneva, Switzerland, in 1896, he studied in Zurich with the architect Karl Moser in 1915-19 and for a brief period worked in Paris with Henri Sauvage, an important designer of apartment buildings. Lescaze moved to the United States in 1920 and after working in Cleveland and New York City, formed a partnership with George Howe, a Philadelphia architect, in 1929. 
Their association lasted four years and produced one architectural masterpiece, the Philadelphia Savings Fund Society building, completed in 1932. During the mid-1930s, he was extremely active, working on unrealized plans for the Museum of Modern Art, the Brooklyn Museum, and the Brooklyn Children’s Museum, as well as building three of the earliest modern-style townhouses in Manhattan, his own house and studio, completed in 1934, as well as the Raymond C. and Mildred Kramer  and Edward and Dorothy Norman  houses. He also designed, with Albert Frey, the Chrystie-Forsyth Houses. Planned in 1931, this unrealized proposal was included in the Museum of Modern Art’s so-called “International Style” exhibition of 1932. 
One of the most unique aspects of the Williamsburg Houses is the plan. To create the 23.3 acre complex, twelve blocks were acquired by the city, and the two east-west streets  were closed to traffic to create four “super” blocks. All but one extend three full blocks from north to south, except part of the block between Manhattan and Graham Avenues that was set aside for a new junior high school and play area. 
The development of New York City was closely tied to its gridiron. Introduced in 1811, it resulted in a city of predictable intersecting streets and avenues. In 1835, a similar plan was approved for Brooklyn and by the early 1850s the streets that cross through the site of the Williamsburg Houses had opened. 
Most were named for area residents, such as Daniel Maujer, a lawyer and  alderman, John and James Lorimer Graham, land jobbers, and James Scholes, a local land owner.  The impact of this approach is visible throughout New York City, establishing blocks and lots of equal size and dimensions. Residential developers benefitted immensely, commissioning rowhouse and tenement designs that could be repeated without regard to location. 
By the end of the 19th century, there was relatively little open space in Manhattan and Brooklyn. As part of the City Beautiful movement, various attempts were made to loosen the grid’s hold, first through the passage of the Small Parks Act in 1887, which focused on tenement neighborhoods, and later, by situating major civic structures in plazas. Similar ideas shaped the development of garden apartments which came into vogue after 1910. One of the primary characteristics of this type of multiple dwelling was reduced site coverage. 
In most cases, such as in the Jackson Heights Historic District, the buildings were set around the perimeter of each block, enclosing large private gardens, but in other situations, such as at the Harlem River Houses, a “crankshaft” arrangement was adopted, creating a mixture of interior and exterior courts. 
Lescaze borrowed freely from both the garden apartment tradition and architects associated with European modernism. In his earliest design, each block incorporated six U-shaped structures arranged around a narrow central court. A later design was considerably more irregular. Turned at an angle to the street, there were fewer but larger buildings. 
Many aspects of this proposal were integrated into the final design. The Williamsburg Houses are configured in three ways, with footprints suggesting a capital “H,” small “h,” and “T.”  All have small spurs and extensions, resembling crossbars. By adding this feature the number of courtyards was significantly increased. Within each block are six buildings ; at the north and south are the “H” and “h” configurations, and in the middle, the “T”s. 
The decision to turn the buildings at a 15 degree angle to the street grid proved controversial. PWA accounts described it in functional terms, explaining that the orientation would provide tenants with more sun and take advantage of the prevailing northwest breezes. During the previous decade, many architects and planners experimented with similar ideas. One of the earliest built examples “to deviate from the geometry of the New York gridiron” was the Mesa Verde apartments  in Jackson Heights.  Designed by Henry Atterbury Smith and based on an earlier proposal from 1917, the development featured two rows of six “closed L buildings” set at 45 degree angle to the surrounding streets. 
Lescaze, however, was more likely to have been influenced by European sources.  During the 1920s, he frequently returned to Europe, a period when leading architects were involved in the design of social housing. Many favored the “tower in the park” approach in which free-standing high-rise structures stood in continuous open space. Writing in English in 1935, Walter Gropius concluded that apartment blocks should “command a clear view of the sky, over broad expanses of grass and trees which separate the blocks and serve as playgrounds.” 
Another source of inspiration might have been Ernst May who oversaw the design and construction of many low-rise housing estates in Frankfurt. In his Bruchfeldstrasse development of 1926-27, designed with C. K. Rudloff, one section was arranged in an overlapping zig-zag configuration. As in Williamsburg, each unit had corner windows, providing tenants with uninterrupted views of a central garden. 
Many writers were skeptical about the benefits of Lescaze’s plan. Hamlin argued that the layout would convert the courts “into perfect channels for Project for a group of factories. our most vicious northwest winds.” He was told that 
the arrangement had, in fact, been chosen for aesthetic reasons, to “break up the street facades” and “allow the feeling of space to weave in and out on the street fronts. This goal was definitely achieved, producing an environment that was new and distinctive. The flowing spaces that Lescaze planned are less monumental and more intimate than those experienced in most housing projects, juxtaposing wedge-shaped lawns with semi-enclosed courtyards and large open plazas. As originally built, no fences interrupted the spaces and the areas adjoining the curving concrete walks were paved with cobblestone. 
Equally modern were the elevations. Lescaze was attracted to the expressive and aesthetic qualities of modern materials.  Particularly unusual was the decision to use a light-colored palette. Built from reinforced concrete, the walls were originally enclosed with a sand-cast brick that was variously described by observers as bright tan, yellowish, pinkish, and grayish warm pink. One of the most notable features was the exposed concrete floor plates which express the structure and division between the floors while giving the complex a strong horizontal appearance. Talbot Hamlin observed: 
The effectiveness of the buildings is undoubted. The striping of brick and concrete and the contrast of the light walls which front the stair towers make a vivid picture . . . 
Prior to the mid-1930s, red brick was the most frequently used material in housing developments, used throughout Jackson Heights and in the First Houses and Harlem River Houses. The proposal to break with this tradition generated considerable debate. While the general scheme was approved in June 1935, it was not until October that specific materials were selected. Presumably, the PWA wished to standardize the building process and reduce costs. Frederick Ackerman, technical director of the NYCHA, defended Lescaze’s proposal. He wrote the authority’s chairman, Langdon W. Post: 
. . . the “effect” of the Project will depend very largely upon the texture and quality of the exterior wall. Unless the exterior wall possesses a greater intrinsic interest than one made of common brick then the resultant effect is certain to be a bleak, barren and unusually forbidding mass of building: 
One might readily mistake the At Williamsburg, the buildings stand as freestanding objects, finished on all sides and approachable from multiple directions. No facade dominates and the apartment entrances face both the streets and courtyards. For those unfamiliar with the layout, the angled plan may have been somewhat disorienting. To make it easier to navigate, signs were installed throughout the complex and Lescaze skillfully designed the entrances, making dramatic use of color and form. Like Le Corbusier, he was an “accomplished” painter and frequently used color, especially blue, to enliven wall surfaces. Another possible model was May’s housing development at Praunheim  where contrasting colors were used to give the projecting stair towers a distinctive appearance. 
Within the courtyards are as many as five entrances. Each is sheltered by a small cantilevered aluminum marquee and is flanked by square blue terra-cotta tiles. The entrances that are located at the far end of the larger courtyards are set at a angle. In these instances, the tiles spread onto the adjoining walls and extend above the parapet to the stair bulkhead. Other tile treatments project slightly forward, or are recessed above the doors to the roof. An entrance is also located in the covered breezeway. Reached by a short flight of stairs connecting both the street and courtyard, the more public street facade had an asymmetrical character, incorporating projecting blue tiles to one side and a wide aluminum marquee. 
To prepare the site for construction, 568 buildings were demolished on 349 lots and approximately 5,400 people were relocated.  A 1935 report described the population as divided equally between American born, Italian born, and other nationalities. Most were semi-skilled workers, employed in manufacturing, or as clerks, truck drivers, and construction workers. 
Demolition commenced in June 1935 as PWA supervisor Elizabeth Ross dug a crowbar into the facade of 197 Manhattan Avenue, near Ten Eyck Street. In the months that followed: 
Steam shovels and picks played a tune to rival that of the pipes of the Pied Piper of Hamlin. From every dank basement and crumbling wall rats fled in droves. Backyards disgorged an assortment of rusted cans, trash, filth and litter that would have discouraged the most voracious goat. 
Ground was broken on January 3, 1936. Following a brief ceremony in the rain, public officials addressed an audience of five hundred at Public School 196. During April 1936, the first foundations were poured at the southwest corner of Manhattan Avenue and Stagg Street.  Mayor Fiorello H. LaGuardia was in attendance, followed by “a few hundred interested onlookers and an army of schoolboys.” 
As the foundations neared completion, the PWA solicited bids for construction. Starrett Brothers & Eken was awarded the $7. 5 million contract for the first 18 buildings in October 1936. A subsequent contract, for construction of buildings No. 5 and 18, was signed in late April 1937.  
Founded by Paul Starrett  and William Aiken Starrett  and Andrew J. Eken  in 1922, the firm was responsible for such high-profile buildings as the New York Life Insurance Company Building , Bank of Manhattan Building , McGraw-Hill Building , and Empire State Building . The Starrett Brothers worked closely with Shreve on the Empire State Building and it is likely that this relationship helped secure the contract for the Williamsburg Houses. William Starrett acknowledged the importance and complexity of this issue when he said: 
It is the hope of people who are discussing this  problem that those same brains that put together the great skyscrapers . . . will turn toward this. 
Starrett Brothers & Eken later built Parkchester , Stuyvesant Town  and Peter Cooper Village  for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. 
The cornerstone was laid in October 1936.  It contained an aerial view of the site, a copy of the federal act creating the PWA, as well as an autographed copy of Jacob Riis’s timeless account of slum conditions, How the Other Half Lives, donated by his widow. Construction progressed rapidly, and aside from minor walk-outs by metalworkers and painters, the first six buildings were ready for occupancy with a year, in September 
The Williamsburg Houses was the largest and costliest project built by the PWA. With 1,622 apartments, it was more than twice the size of the Harlem River Houses. The approximate cost was $12.8 million. It was described by the PWA as part of “demonstration program” and numerous public events were held. In a letter to Post, Shreve stated: 
As this project is the beginning of what, in a way, is a housing community experiment and as the public attitude toward housing will be largely controlled by the success or failure of such an experiment, it is of importance that every effort be made to make the first experiment successful. 
In this context, how the project was perceived was of the utmost importance. Once the design had been approved, a scale model was built by the PWA and exhibited at banks in Brooklyn Heights and Williamsburg during late 1935 and 1936. This presentation was accompanied by a series of posters documenting the site, including photographs of earlier buildings and their demolition, as well as projected floor plans. The New York Times reported the model: 
. . . throws into graphic relief the application of the new principle of multiple housing, providing more air, sunlight and recreational facilities and involving a departure from the solid-block construction. 
The idea of using public funds to create low-income housing was relatively new and much of the language used in speeches and press releases heralded it as a major advance.  At the site, signs were posted, calling Williamsburg the “Largest Low Rental Development in the USA.”  At the ground-breaking, public officials evoked the memory of Alfred T. White, whose Brooklyn developments were among the first attempts to improve low-income housing in the nation. 
Mayor LaGuardia thanked the President, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, for his support, as did Harold L. Ickes, Secretary of the Interior, who described slums as a “vicious project of that old order whose passing, we hope, is at hand.” While some critics equated the federal housing program with socialism, most speakers saw it as a defense of democracy. 
In November 1935, Post had contacted the PWA, requesting that the complex be called the “Ten Eyck” Houses. No explanation was given, but it is likely that the request was made to distinguish the new development from the larger surrounding neighborhood. 
Ten Eyck Street was one of two east-west streets closed to create the site and it was probably named for the Dutch family whose Brooklyn lineage extended back to at least the 18th century. In the immediate area also lived William Ten Eyck, who during the mid-19th century served as the deacon of the Reformed Church of South Bushwick . Post’s request was quickly approved. The new name, however, was not widely used and a 1938 PWA publication refers to the development as the Williamsburg Houses. 
On October 28, 1936, the construction site was briefly visited by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Eleanor Roosevelt. According to the New York Times, ten thousand school children and five thousand adults “cheered the President’s passage through the streets bordering the housing project.” 
Three “model” apartments were opened for public view in July through August 1937. Furnished with loans from various Brooklyn department stores, they were presented at 180 Maujer Street. Post was an early visitor and he described the apartments as a “demonstration of what can be done, this is the most valuable contribution to social progress that the New Deal has made.” An average of 1,200 persons a day visited. In September 1937, a second group of apartments opened at 176 Maujer Street, including one decorated entirely with “reconditioned furniture.” In a related development, during April and May 1938, the WPA created an exhibit in a storefront office at 212 Graham Avenue. Organized by William Friedman of the art teaching division, the display was changed periodically to demonstrate different apartment layouts and decoration. Nine experts spent five months preparing the exhibit, hoping that it would influence local residents and provide a model for future public housing developments.  A music branch, at 176 Maujer Street, also provided lessons in theory, voice, and various instruments. 
According to the Brooklyn Eagle, the Williamsburg Houses were “one of the most perfect home sites in the word . . . an eagerly sought spot to live.”  Income and need formed the basis of selection and no tenant could earn more than five times the annual rent.  Preference was also given to former residents of the site. 
The first tenants began to occupy their apartments on September 30, 1937. The New York Times devoted at least two articles to “Moving Day,” as did the Brooklyn Eagle. As part of the operation, each tenant’s belongings were moved to a fumigation plant for sterilization near the intersection of Bushwick Avenue at Scholes Street. 
This procedure was described as a “wise precaution against the spread of disease.” Bessie and Louis Grabkowitz were recognized by the NYCHA as the first official tenants. A week’s rent, of less than seven dollars, was paid and they were given keys to their new apartment. Two to five rooms in size, units featured steam heat, hot and cold water, as well as electric stoves and refrigerators. Residents praised their new homes, commenting on the appliances and abundant sunlight. 
By the end of 1937, most apartments were occupied. A community newspaper, the Projector, began publishing on a semi-monthly basis in December 1937.  In April 1938, the complex was completed. In addition to the twenty residential buildings, there were retail spaces, facing the north-south streets. The PWA reported: 
To insure efficient, sanitary commercial services, 49 stores and shops within the project, distributing drugs, groceries, appliances, and general merchandise, have been leased to private individuals. 
The storefronts were executed in a sleek Moderne style. To the north and south, they curved away from the street, recalling the streamlined designs of Erich Mendelsohn, as well as J. J. P. Oud’s Kiefhoek development of 1925. The prominent metal parapets were blue, matching the color of the apartment entrances. Despite their polished design, a significant number failed to attract and retain tenants. Consequently, in 1945 ten unleased spaces, near the corners of Maujer and Leonard Streets, and Scholes Street and Bushwick Avenue, were converted to apartments. 
Tenants enjoyed a variety of useful services.  At the center of the complex, on Graham Avenue stood the stripped classical-style William J. Gaynor Junior High School , and opposite it, Building No. 11 housed a nursery school.  Incorporated into the building’s south court and featuring a large play terrace, Hamlin described its glass-fronted design as “pleasant” and “delightful.” In addition, a new Moderne-style health center was built directly across from the complex, on Maujer Street. 
Throughout the development were “social and craft rooms.”  These basement spaces were originally used for classes, clubs, and meetings and many were decorated with large colorful murals.  In contrast to the majority of WPA murals that were executed in style of social realism, the Williamsburg murals were non-objective. Lescaze favored “abstract and stimulating patterns” and Burgoyne Diller who headed the Federal Art Project, wrote that: 
The decision to place abstract murals in these rooms [of the Williamsburg Housing Project] was made because the areas were intended to provide a place of relaxation and entertainment . . . The more arbitrary the color, possible when not determined by the description of objects, enables the artist to place an emphasis on its psychological potential to stimulate relaxation. 
Of twelve murals commissioned, at least five were installed. In the early 1990s, the deteriorated canvases were restored and moved to the Brooklyn Museum of Art.  They include works by the American painters Ilya Bolotowsky, Paul Kelpe, and Balcomb Greene. 
The opening of the Williamsburg Houses was treated as major news and writers used the event to analyze the project and express their own views about the role of public housing and the importance of modern architecture. Some of the earliest comments came from the architect Walter Gropius, former director of the Bauhaus in Germany. On a visit to New York City in April 1937 he was interviewed by H.I. Brock in the New York Times. They traveled together throughout the city, visiting both new skyscrapers and the nearly-complete Brooklyn development. Gropius was impressed and praised the unusual plan, saying that Lescaze: 
. . . seems to have solved the problem of space and light very successfully and economically, and it has the great advantage of being spread over enough land to make it worthwhile as a sample of planned development. 
Lewis Mumford was the first critic to publish a substantial review in February 1938. As a persistent advocate for public housing, he used the opportunity to evaluate the “outlines of the new order of building.” He praised the PWA for eschewing “overpriced building lots” and instead assembling large sites in quieter areas where streets could be closed to traffic to create gardens and playgrounds. Considerable attention was paid to the slanted orientation. Although he described it as “a bit queer,” he liked the way it separated the residences from the street and that it gave the appearance that the architects were concerned about providing tenants with ample sunlight. 
Talbot Hamlin published the most-detailed analysis. In this review, he addressed both PWA projects, calling them “a new vision of democracy ... they are better than the most expensive apartments on Park Avenue.” Despite such praise, he expressed mixed feelings. While he found the buildings “fresh and inventive and alive,” he was disturbed by the “shockingly low” standards of construction. He also admired the “imaginative and carefully studied detailing,” but criticized the landscaping as little more than adequate. The WPA Guide to New York City, published in 1939, shared similar views, quoting Hamlin’s review, and praising the design of the individual buildings. 
In the years since completion, the Williamsburg Houses have been a frequent subject for architectural historians. Many, starting with the Museum of Modern Art in 1939, have placed the development within the context of European modernism. In an exhibition celebrating the museum’s 10th anniversary and the opening of its new building, it was the only architectural work represented that was located in New York City. In a brief essay on housing, the curators highlighted the “triple-size superblocks,” that form an “oasis of open space,” but criticized the adjoining school building as a lost opportunity to create a “truly important work.” Photographs of the complex were also included in Forms and Functions of Twentieth-Century Architecture , in sections devoted to city planning and concrete construction.  
G. Holmes Perkins wrote in the city planning section that despite faults, the complex “may be held up as patterns for tomorrow.” Richard Pommer, in one of the most insightful discussions of Depression-era housing in the United States, criticized the angled plan, calling Lescaze a “versatile pasticheur” who used visual effects without logic or relation to function. Robert A. M. Stern shared this view, writing in 1980 that it “seems overrated.” Richard Plunz, in A History of Housing in New York City, credited the project as the start of a “brief but intense struggle” to determine the aesthetic direction government-built housing would take. All four editions of the AIA Guide to New York City have praised the Williamsburg Houses. The 1968 edition called it a “very successful solution to the problem of low-rent subsidized housing,” and in 2000 “the best public housing project ever built in New York.” 
Conveyed by the federal government  to the NYCHA in 1957, the Williamsburg Houses continue to serve their original purpose, housing more than three thousand New Yorkers. Major alterations were first proposed in 1980 and significant work took place during 1985-91. At this time, the original casement windows were replaced with bronze-colored aluminum sash and the blue terra cotta that surrounded the entrances, with tan “Morocco” glazed brick. 
In a remarkable turnaround, during the mid1990s, the facades were restored. What began as continued maintenance, soon evolved into a major architectural project, requiring an outside contractor and consultation with the Landmarks Preservation Commission.  Under the supervision of Neil Cohen of the NYCHA, the elevations were completely reskinned, the parapets replaced, as well as the chimneys, railings, and terra-cotta banding. In addition, new canopies, doors, lighting fixtures, and signage were fabricated. 
The approximately $70 million project was executed with great sensitivity; there was an article in the real estate section of the New York Times and the NYCHA was the recipient of the Lucy G. Moses Preservation Award from the New York Landmarks Conservancy , which praised the participants for restoring the complex to “better-than-new condition.” Restoration of the storefronts, except along Bushwick Avenue, was completed in 2002. 
The high standards set by the design of the Williamsburg Houses have rarely been matched. Innovative in terms of scale, plan, and aesthetics, it remains one of the most pleasant and architecturally-distinguished housing developments in New York City. 
There are twenty walk-up buildings in the 23.3acre Williamsburg complex and a total of 1,620 apartments. These buildings are numbered from 1 to 20 and each entrance has its own street address, for instance, “112 Maujer Street.” Stainless steel signs, with pin-mounted numbers and letters, identify each entrance. 
The site extends four blocks east to west, from Bushwick Avenue to Leonard Street, and three blocks north to south, from Maujer to Scholes Streets. The principal north-south artery is Graham Avenue. Between Maujer and Scholes Streets, Ten Eyck Street and Stagg Street are closed to vehicles. These winding east-west paths are called Ten Eyck Walk and Stagg Walk. They are identified by large pin-mounted stainless steel letters attached to the building facades and are visible along the north-south streets. Throughout the complex are wall-mounted cantilevered lighting fixtures. These glass and aluminum fixtures are reproductions of the originals. 
Three of the four blocks have a tree-shaded open space at center. At present, non-historic benches, play equipment, and basketball courts are located here. Most lawns are enclosed by low iron fences. Though not original, these fences pre-date the 1990s. Pole-mounted lighting fixtures are occasionally used to illuminate these areas. 
All buildings materials are non-historic. Each structure is four stories tall and clad in ochre-colored brick. Exterior concrete spandrel beams are exposed at each floor. To disguise patches to the concrete, the beams are coated with a grey-colored water repellency finish. The entrances are flanked by blue structural glazed facing tiles that are approximately 12 by 12 inches. Blue mortar was used to minimize the joint lines. A canopy projects in front of each entrance . Made of stainless steel, they incorporate recessed down lights. Some canopies are supported by a single pipe column. The entrance doors and sidelights are made of stainless steel. 
Each door has a grid of four small square windows. Breezeways serve a dual purpose: reached by two sets of stairs, they provide an additional north-south passage, as well as entry to apartments. Most of the stairs are flanked by stainless steel railings. The bronze anodized aluminum windows, installed in the 1980s, are all one-over-one. Arranged as single windows or in pairs, they have concrete sills and meet the concrete spandrels above. The smaller windows light the bathrooms. Single windows and pairs are located where the facades meet, often creating triple-width openings at the cantilevered corners. 
There are three general building configurations. All are original to the complex. They include eight buildings with “H” shaped floor plans, six with floor plans that suggest a small letter “h,” and six buildings with “T” shaped floor plans. While the “H” and “h” types alternate along Maujer and Scholes Streets , the “T” shaped buildings are located only between Ten Eyck Walk and Stagg Walk. 
The “H” buildings  are nearly symmetrical, with almost identical north and south courtyards. At the center of each court is either a projecting center section or breezeway. The apartments are reached by four distinct entrances, each with a different tile treatment. They include: corner, wide, recessed between the door and the roof, and incorporated within a breezeway. Each entrance leads to interior stairs. The windows that light the stairs are arranged in horizontal grids of six and eight panes. Except for the recessed variant, the tiles project slightly and rise above the parapet to the stair bulkhead. The opposite side of the breezeway has no tilework. Reached by stairs, each breezeway incorporates two concrete columns and a metal door. The “h” buildings  are similar to the “H” buildings, except one court is partially enclosed. 
The “T” buildings  have shallow courts. The top of the ‘T” has three entrances, each framed with blue tiles. A pair of entrances are also found facing each other in one of the side courts, and occasionally on the opposite side, as well. Building No. 11, located on the east side of Graham Avenue, is unique due to the presence of a nursery school at the wider south end. To accommodate this function, the entrances were moved and the court at the south end was enclosed. The south wall of school is clad with glass blocks, many of which are original.  A concrete shed, at the center of the wall, is not historic and there are plans for removal. From the south facade extends a raised play area that is enclosed by a fence. Along the east side of the building, facing Graham Avenue, a non-historic ramp with metal railings has been constructed. 
Commercial storefronts parallel the streets and adjoin the apartment buildings in various locations. The materials are non-historic, but the new elevations closely resemble the originals. The largest storefronts are located on either side of Graham Avenue, between Maujer Street and Ten Eyck Walk . Smaller retail spaces are located along Graham Avenue ; on Leonard Street ; and on Bushwick Avenue . They have a stream-lined character and curve away from the street at both ends. One story tall, they have granite bases and are clad with stainless steel and metal that has a baked-on blue porcelain finish. Above the storefronts runs the blue metal parapet, crowned by a stainless steel roof rail. Lighting was added above the storefronts, and security gates, when the stores are open, roll up and are neatly hidden within the facades. Large glass blocks or plate glass are used throughout. Along Bushwick Avenue, the modifications are  less sympathetic and a vertical grid of older decorative concrete block occasionally interrupts the facade. 
- From the 2003 NYCLPC Landmark Designation Report
Taken on a day out with Flickr buddies 
We were blessed with a wonderful sunset at Weston Super Mare and whilst we were much too early for high tide, we knew the marine lake leading to Knightstone island would work well with a good sky.  I had to rush to snap this though, as I was out of place when I saw the walker coming across.  I think I would have tried to smooth the water if I had more time, although still very pleased with the way this has come out.  
I am taking an extended break at the moment.  I am still looking at all your wonderful photos, but no time for commenting or photo sharing at the moment.  I will post some stuff in the near future!  Take care my Flickr buddies!  :-)
18.02.15 Guest Speaker Daniel Walker-2
							by San Bernardino Valley College
The Crooks Covered Bridge, originally known as the Walker Adams Covered Bridge, currently crosses Little Raccoon Creek on County Road South 275 East at County Road South 225 East, in Parke County. This single span Burr Arch Truss structure has a length of 132 feet, or 154 feet including the 11-foot overhang at each end, with a portal clearance 14 feet wide by 13 feet high. First built in 1855-56 by Henry Wolf, the road that the bridge sat on was abandoned in 1863 and the structure was taken down. There is considerable confusion about this phase of the bridges life as some say it was washed down stream where it was raised and a new foundation while others say the creek changed course necessitating the move. According to Bob McElwee in "Bridges to the Past" General Arthur Patterson rebuilt the bridge in 1867 at Darroch's Site which had been selected by J. J. Daniels, who had been commissioned to rebuild the bridge. Crooks Covered Bridge is the oldest of its kind in Parke County still resting on its original "hewn" stone foundation and, though no historical marker is present
CUTE MODEL IN FUNNY SUNGLASSES - B&W
Image by Linden Hudson (amateur photographer). Freeze frame from video shot by Linden.
Who is Linden Hudson?
CLASSICBANDS DOT COM said: “According to former roadie David Blayney in his book SHARP DRESSED MEN: sound engineer Linden Hudson co-wrote much of the material on the ZZ Top ELIMINATOR album.” (end quote)
(ZZ Top never opted to give Linden credit, which would have been THE decent thing to do. It would have helped Linden's career as well. The band and management worked ruthlessly to take FULL credit for the hugely successful album which Linden had spent a good deal of time working on. Linden works daily to tell this story. Also, the band did not opt to pay Linden, they worked to keep all the money and they treated Linden like dirt. It was abuse. Linden launched a limited lawsuit, brought about using his limited resources which brought limited results and took years. No one should treat the co-writer of their most successful album like this. It's just deeply fucked up.)
Hear the original ZZ Top ELIMINATOR writing/rehearsal tapes made by Linden Hudson and Billy Gibbons at: 
Read Linden's story of the making of the super-famous ZZ Top ELIMINATOR album at: 
LICKLIBRARY DOT COM (2013 Billy Gibbons interview) ZZ TOP'S BILLY GIBBONS FINALLY ADMITTED: “the Eliminator sessions in 1983 were guided largely by another one of our associates, Linden Hudson, a gifted engineer, during the development of those compositions.” (end quote) (Gibbons admits this after 30 years, but offers Linden no apology or reparations for lack of credit/royalties) 
MUSICRADAR DOT COM (2013 interview with ZZ Top's guitarist Billy Gibbons broke 30 years of silence about Linden Hudson introducing synthesizers into ZZ Top's sound.) Gibbons said: “This was a really interesting turning point. We had befriended somebody who would become an influential associate, a guy named Linden Hudson. He was a gifted songwriter and had production skills that were leading the pack at times. He brought some elements to the forefront that helped reshape what ZZ Top were doing, starting in the studio and eventually to the live stage. Linden had no fear and was eager to experiment in ways that would frighten most bands. But we followed suit, and the synthesizers started to show up on record.” (once again, there was no apology from ZZ Top or Billy Gibbons after this revelation).
TEXAS MONTHLY MAGAZINE (Dec 1996, By Joe Nick Patoski): "Linden Hudson floated the notion that the ideal dance music had 124 beats per minute; then he and Gibbons conceived, wrote, and recorded what amounted to a rough draft of an album before the band had set foot inside Ardent Studios."
FROM THE BOOK: SHARP DRESSED MEN - ZZ TOP (By David Blayney) : "Probably the most dramatic development in ZZ Top recording approaches came about as Eliminator was constructed. What had gone on before evolutionary; this change was revolutionary. ZZ Top got what amounted to a new bandsman (Linden) for the album, unknown to the world at large and at first even to Dusty and Frank." 
CNET DOT COM: (question posed to ZZ Top): Sound engineer Linden Hudson was described as a high-tech music teacher on your highly successful "Eliminator" album. How much did the band experiment with electronic instruments prior to that album?
THE HOUSTON CHRONICLE, MARCH 2018: "Eliminator" had a tremendous impact on us and the people who listen to us," says ZZ Top’s bass player. Common band lore points to production engineer Linden Hudson suggesting that 120 beats per minute was the perfect rock tempo, or "the people's tempo" as it came to be known.
FROM THE BOOK: SHARP DRESSED MEN - ZZ TOP by David Blayney: (page 227): "...the song LEGS Linden Hudson introduced the pumping synthesizer effect." 
(Search Linden Hudson in the various ZZ Top Wikipedia pages which are related to the ELIMINATOR album and you will find bits about Linden. Also the main ZZ Top Wikipedia page mentions Linden. He's mentioned in at least 7 ZZ Top related Wikipedia pages.)
FROM THE BOOK: SHARP DRESSED MEN - ZZ TOP By David Blayney: "Linden found himself in the position of being Billy's (Billy Gibbons, ZZ Top guitarist) closest collaborator on Eliminator. In fact, he wound up spending more time on the album than anybody except Billy. While the two of them spent day after day in the studio, they were mostly alone with the equipment and the ideas." 
FROM THE BOOK: BEER DRINKERS & HELL RAISERS: A ZZ TOP GUIDE (By Neil Daniels, released 2014): "Hudson reportedly had a significant role to play during the planning stages of the release (ELIMINATOR)." 
FROM THE BOOK: ZZ TOP - BAD AND WORLDWIDE (ROLLING STONE PRESS, WRITTEN BY DEBORAH FROST): "Linden was always doing computer studies. It was something that fascinated him, like studio technology. He thought he might understand the components of popular songs better if he fed certain data into his computer. It might help him understand what hits (song releases) of any given period share. He first found out about speed; all the songs he studied deviated no more than one beat from 120 beats per minute. Billy immediately started to write some songs with 120 beats per minute. Linden helped out with a couple, like UNDER PRESSURE and SHARP DRESSED MAN. Someone had to help Billy out. Dusty and Frank didn't even like to rehearse much. Their studio absence wasn't really a problem though. The bass and drum parts were easily played with a synthesizer or Linn drum machine." (end quote)
FROM THE BOOK: "SHARP DRESSED MEN - ZZ TOP" BY DAVID BLAYNEY: "After his quantitative revelations, Linden informally but instantly became ZZ Top's rehearsal hall theoretician, producer, and engineer." (end quote)
FROM THE BOOK: "ZZ TOP - BAD AND WORLDWIDE" (ROLLING STONE PRESS, BY DEBORAH FROST): "With the release of their ninth album, ELIMINATOR, in 1983, these hairy, unlikely rock heroes had become a pop phenomenon. This had something to do with the discoveries of a young preproduction engineer (Linden Hudson) whose contributions, like those of many associated with the band over the years, were never acknowledged."
FROM THE BOOK: ​SHARP DRESSED MEN - ZZ TOP (By DAVID BLAYNEY) : "The integral position Linden occupied in the process of building El​iminator was demonstrated eloquently in the case of song Under Pressure. Billy and Linden, the studio wizards, did the whole song all in one afternoon without either the bass player or drummer even knowing it had been written and recorded on a demo tape. Linden synthesized the bass and drums and helped write the lyrics; Billy did the guitars and vocals."
FROM THE BOOK: "TRES HOMBRES - THE STORY OF ZZ TOP" BY DAVID SINCLAIR (Writer for the Times Of London): "Linden Hudson, the engineer/producer who lived at Beard's house (ZZ's drummer) had drawn their attention to the possibilities of the new recording technology and specifically to the charms of the straight drumming pattern, as used on a programmed drum machine. On ELIMINATOR ZZ Top unveiled a simple new musical combination that cracked open a vast worldwide market. 
FROM THE BOOK: "SHARP DRESS MEN - ZZ TOP" BY DAVID BLAYNEY: "ELIMINATOR went on to become a multi-platinum album, just as Linden had predicted when he and Billy were setting up the 124-beat tempos and arranging all the material. Rolling Stone eventually picked the album as number 39 out of the top 100 of the 80's. Linden Hudson in a fair world shoud have had his name all over ELIMINATOR and gotten the just compensation he deserved. Instead he got ostracized."
FROM THE BOOK: ​SHARP DRESSED MEN - ZZ TOP by DAVID BLAYNEY: "He (Linden) went back with the boys to 1970 when he was working as a radio disc jocky aliased Jack Smack. He was emcee for a show ZZ did around that time, and even sang an encore tune with the band, perhaps the only person ever to have that honor." (side note: this was ZZ Top's very first show).
FROM THE BOOK: "SHARP DRESSED MEN - ZZ TOP" BY DAVID BLAYNEY: "Linden remained at Frank's (ZZ Top drummer) place as ZZ's live-in engineer throughout the whole period of ELIMINATOR rehearsals, and was like one of the family... as he (Linden) worked at the controls day after day, watching the album (ELIMINATOR) take shape, his hopes for a big step forward in his production career undoubtably soared. ELIMINATOR marked the first time that ZZ Top was able to rehearse an entire album with the recording studio gadgetry that Billy so loved. With Linden Hudson around all the time, it also was the first time the band could write, rehearse, and record with someone who knew the men and the machines. ZZ Top was free to go musically crazy, but also musically crazy like a fox. Linden made that possible too."
FROM THE BOOK "ZZ TOP - BAD AND WORLDWIDE" (ROLLING STONE PRESS, BY DEBORAH FROST, WRITER FOR ROLLING STONE MAGAZINE): "... SHARP DRESSED MAN which employed Hudson's 120 beat-per-minute theory. The feel, the enthusiasm, the snappy beat and crisp clean sound propelled ELIMINATOR into the ears and hearts of 5 million people who previously could have cared less about the boogie band of RIO GRANDE MUD."
THE GREATEST ROCK REBRAND OF ALL TIME (by Jason Miller): "Sound engineer Linden Hudson researched the tempos at which the most popular rock tracks in the charts had been recorded. His data showed that there was something very special about 120 beats to a minute. Gibbons decided to record pretty much the whole of ZZ Top’s new album at that tempo. The result? 1983’s Eliminator. It was named after Gibbons’ Ford Coupé; it had been created through a unique combination of creative collaboration and data mining. And it was about to take the world by storm."
ULTIMATECLASSICROCK DOT COM: "This new melding of styles was encouraged by Hudson, who served as a kind of pre-producer for ​EL LOCO ... ... Hudson helped construct ZZ Top drummer Frank Beard's home studio, and had lived with him for a time. That led to these initial sessions, and then a closer collaboration on 1983's ​ELIMINATOR.
FIREDOGLAKE DOT COM: "I like Billy Gibbons' guitar tone quite a lot, but I lost all respect for them after reading how badly they fucked over Linden Hudson (the guy who was the brains behind their move to include synthesizers and co-wrote most of their career-defining Eliminator record)."
EMAIL FROM A ZZ TOP FAN TO LINDEN (One Of Many): "I write you today about broken hearts, one is mine and one is for you. I have been a ZZ Top fan since I was 6 years old. I purchased ELIMINATOR vinyl from Caldors in Connecticut with the $20 my grandma gave me for my birthday. I will spare the 
 fan epic saga of tee shirts, harassing Noreen at the fan club via phone weekly for years, over 40 shows attended. Posters, non stop conversation about the time I have spent idolizing this band, but more Billy G, as he has seemed to break free of the Lone Wolf shackles and it became more clear this was his baby. In baseball I was Don Mattingly's 
 fan, Hershel Walker in football, Billy Gibbons in music. What do these individuals have in common? They were role models. Not a DUI, not a spousal abuse, not a drug overdose, not a cheater. Until I read your web page. I read Blayney's book around 1992 or so, I was in middle school and I was familiar with your name for a long time. I didn't realize you suffered so greatly or that your involvement was so significant. It pains me to learn my idol not only cheated but did something so wrong to another being. I now know this is where tall tales and fun loving bullshit and poor morals and ethics are distinguished and where I would no longer consider myself to look up to Billy. I love to joke and I love credit but I have always prided myself on ethics and principles... I hold them dear. I wanted to say, the snippet of UNDER PRESSURE you played sounded very new wave and I may like it more than the finished product. Well that's all. You have reached ZZ Top's biggest fan and I can let others know. Bummer. Cheers and good luck. James."​
VINYLSTYLUS DOT COM: Much of Eliminator was recorded at 124bpm, the tempo that considered perfect for dance music by the band’s associate Linden Hudson. An aspiring songwriter, former DJ and – at the time – drummer Frank Beard’s house-sitter, Hudson’s involvement in the recording of the album would come back to haunt them. Despite assisting Gibbons with the pre-production and developing of the material that would end up on both El Loco and Eliminator, his contribution wasn’t credited when either record was released.
INFOMORY DOT COM: ‘Eliminator’ is a studio album of the American rock band ZZ Top. It was released on March 23, 1983 and topped the charts worldwide. Its lyrics were co-written by the band’s sound engineer Linden Hudson while the band denied it. 
							by Fueled by Photography
Jason, Daniel, & Benjamin
Wishing you ALL a VERY Happy Christmas from Mystic Ed and fluffy to you all across the world!
Henry, Walker, Robert, Steve, gon, Kay, Steven, lorriane, carolina, Pamela,,James, wes, Daniel, Benjamoon, David and Robert, Amy, Martin J Brookes....oh there are so many many of you that we love so dearly and I am currently going through all our hundreds of contacts so instead...this is dedicatred to you ALL. . Fluffy and I wish you the happiest ofChristmas`s, may your season not just be jolly but full of good health, inner joy, and prsperity for a great 2009. God Bless every single one of you and thank you for sharing your wonderful phpotos with us during this last year xx
HAS THE VENICE BIENNALE  of Okwui Enwezor ANYTHING TO DO WITH CURENT THINGS and ULTRACONTEMPORARY ?
							by Emergency Room Thierry Geoffroy / Colonel
WARM UP for COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE
The COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE will be done in 3 platforms
the parliament is platform 2
Artist have to express closer to decision makers . in time , in the NOW
a presentation of COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE will be done at the Venice Biennale 2015 ---
check date and place here 
COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE
meanwhile during Venice Biennale  contemporary art will be shown by
ABBOUD, Jumana Emil .ABDESSEMED, Adel .ABONNENC, Mathieu Kleyebe
ABOUNADDARA.ACHOUR, Boris ADKINS, Terry AFIF, Saâdane
AKERMAN, Chantal AKOMFRAH, John AKPOKIERE, Karo
AL SOLH, Mounira ALGÜN RINGBORG, Meriç ALLORA, Jennifer & CALZADILLA, Guillermo
ATAMAN, Kutlug BAJEVIC, Maja BALLESTEROS, Ernesto
BALOJI, Sammy BARBA, Rosa
BASELITZ, Georg BASUALDO, Eduardo BAUER, Petra
BESHTY, Walead BHABHA, Huma BOLTANSKI, Christian
BONVICINI, Monica BOYCE, Sonia
BOYD, Daniel BREY, Ricardo BROODTHAERS, Marcel BRUGUERA, Tania
BURGA, Teresa CALHOUN, Keith & McCORMICK, Chandra CAO, Fei
CHAMEKH, Nidhal CHERNYSHEVA, Olga CHUNG, Tiffany
COOPERATIVA CRÁTER INVERTIDO CREATIVE TIME SUMMIT
DAMIANI, Elena DELLER, Jeremy DJORDAJDZE, Thea DUMAS, Marlene
E-FLUX JOURNAL EDWARDS, Melvin EFFLATOUN, Inji EHMANN, Antje & FAROCKI, Harun
EICHHORN, Maria EVANS, Walker FAROCKI, Harun FLOYD, Emily
FRIEDL, Peter FUSCO, Coco FUSINATO, Marco
GAINES, Charles GALLAGHER, Ellen GALLARDO, Ana GARCIA, Dora
GATES, Theaster GENZKEN, Isa GLUKLYA GOMES, Sônia GROSSE, Katharina
GULF LABOR GURSKY, Andreas HAACKE, Hans
HADJITHOMAS, Joana & JOREIGE, Khalil HARRY, Newell HASSAN, Kay
HIRSCHHORN, Thomas HÖLLER, Carsten HOLT, Nancy & SMITHSON, Robert
IM, Heung Soon INVISIBLE BORDERS: Trans-African Photographers ISHIDA, Tetsuya
JI, Dachun JULIEN, Isaac K., Hiwa KAMBALU, Samson KIM, Ayoung
KLUGE, Alexander KNGWARREYE, Emily Kame LAGOMARSINO, Runo LEBER, Sonia & CHESWORTH, David
LIGON, Glenn MABUNDA, Gonçalo MADHUSUDHANAN MAHAMA, Ibrahim
MALJKOVIC, David MAN, Victor MANSARAY, Abu Bakarr MARKER, Chris
MARSHALL, Kerry James MARTEN, Helen MAURI, Fabio McQUEEN, Steve
MOHAIEMEN, Naeem MORAN, Jason MÜLLER, Ivana MUNROE, Lavar MURILLO, Oscar
MUTU, Wangechi NAM, Hwayeon NAUMAN, Bruce NDIAYE, Cheikh NICOLAI, Olaf
OFILI, Chris OGBOH, Emeka PARRENO, Philippe PASCALI, Pino PIPER, Adrian
PONIFASIO, Lemi QIU, Zhijie RAISSNIA, Raha RAQS MEDIA COLLECTIVE
(NARULA, Monica; BAGCHI, Jeebesh; SENGUPTA, Shuddhabrata) REYNAUD-DEWAR, Lili
RIDNYI, Mykola ROBERTS, Liisa ROTTENBERG, Mika SCHÖNFELDT, Joachim SELMANI, Massinissa
SENGHOR, Fatou Kand SHETTY, Prasad & GUPTE, Rupal SIBONY, Gedi
SIMMONS, Gary SIMON, Taryn SIMPSON, Lorna SMITHSON, Robert SUBOTZKY, Mikhael
SUHAIL, Mariam SZE, Sarah THE PROPELLER GROUPthe TOMORROW
TIRAVANIJA, Rirkrit TOGUO, Barthélémy XU, Bing YOUNIS, Ala
Albanian Trilogy: A Series of Devious Stratagems
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Curator: Marco Scotini. Deputy Curator: Andris Brinkmanis. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Commissioner: Henry Périer. Deputy Commissioner: Joana Baygual, Sebastià Petit, Francesc Rodríguez
Curator: Paolo de Grandis, Josep M. Ubach. Venue: Spiazzi, Castello 3865
On Ways of Travelling
António Ole, Binelde Hyrcan, Délio Jasse, Francisco Vidal, Nelo Teixeira
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture, Rita Guedes Tavares. Curator: António Ole. Deputy Curator: Antonia Gaeta. Venue: Conservatorio Benedetto Marcello - Palazzo Pisani, San Marco 2810
Juan Carlos Diste´fano
Commissioner: Magdalena Faillace. Curator: Mari´a Teresa Constantin. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Armenity / Haiyutioun
Haig Aivazian, Lebanon; Nigol Bezjian, Syria/USA; Anna Boghiguian Egypt/Canada; Hera Büyüktasçiyan, Turkey; Silvina Der-Meguerditchian, Argentina/Germany; Rene Gabri & Ayreen Anastas, Iran/Palestine/USA; Mekhitar Garabedian, Belgium; Aikaterini Gegisian, Greece; Yervant Gianikian & Angela Ricci Lucchi, Italy; Aram Jibilian, USA; Nina Katchadourian, USA/Finland; Melik Ohanian, France; Mikayel Ohanjanyan, Armenia/Italy; Rosana Palazyan, Brazil; Sarkis, Turkey/France; Hrair Sarkissian, Syria/UK
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Armenia. Deputy Commissioner: Art for the World, Mekhitarist Congregation of San Lazzaro Island,  Embassy of the Republic of Armenia in Italy, Vartan Karapetian. Curator: Adelina Cüberyan von Fürstenberg. Venue: Monastery and Island of San Lazzaro degli Armeni
Fiona Hall: Wrong Way Time
Commissioner: Simon Mordant AM. Deputy Commissioner: Charles Green. Curator: Linda Michael. Scientific Committee: Simon Mordant AM, Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev, Max Delany, Rachel Kent, Danie Mellor, Suhanya Raffel, Leigh Robb. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Yilmaz Dziewior. Curator: Yilmaz Dziewior. Scientific Committee: Friends of the Venice Biennale. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
 AZERBAIJAN, Republic of
Ashraf Murad, Javad Mirjavadov, Tofik Javadov, Rasim Babayev, Fazil Najafov, Huseyn Hagverdi, Shamil Najafzada
Commissioner: Heydar Aliyev Foundation. Curators: de Pury de Pury, Emin Mammadov. Venue: Palazzo Lezze, Campo S.Stefano, San Marco 2949
Edward Burtynsky, Mircea Cantor, Loris Cecchini, Gordon Cheung, Khalil Chishtee, Tony Cragg, Laura Ford, Noemie Goudal, Siobhán Hapaska, Paul Huxley, IDEA laboratory and Leyla Aliyeva, Chris Jordan with Rebecca Clark and Helena S.Eitel, Tania Kovats, Aida Mahmudova, Sayyora Muin, Jacco Olivier, Julian Opie, Julian Perry, Mike Perry, Bas Princen, Stephanie Quayle, Ugo Rondinone, Graham Stevens, Diana Thater, Andy Warhol, Bill Woodrow, Erwin Wurm, Rose Wylie
Commissioner: Heydar Aliyev Foundation. Curators: Artwise: Susie Allen, Laura Culpan, Dea Vanagan. Venue: Ca’ Garzoni, San Marco 3416
Commissioner: Natallia Sharanhovich. Deputy Commissioners: Alena Vasileuskaya, Kamilia Yanushkevich. Curators: Aleksei Shinkarenko, Olga Rybchinskaya. Scientific Committee:  Dmitry Korol, Daria Amelkovich, Julia Kondratyuk, Sergei Jeihala, Sheena Macfarlane, Yuliya Heisik, Hanna Samarskaya, Taras Kaliahin, Aliaksandr Stasevich. Venue: Riva San Biagio, Castello 2145
Personnes et les autres
Vincent Meessen and Guests, Mathieu K. Abonnenc, Sammy Baloji, James Beckett, Elisabetta Benassi, Patrick Bernier & Olive Martin, Tamar Guimara~es & Kasper Akhøj, Maryam Jafri, Adam Pendleton
Commissioner: Wallonia-Brussels Federation and Wallonia-Brussels International. Curator: Katerina Gregos. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
"Costa Rica, Paese di pace, invita a un linguaggio universale d'intesa tra i popoli".
Andrea Prandi, Beatrice Gallori, Beth Parin, Biagio Schembari, Carla Castaldo, Celestina Avanzini, Cesare Berlingeri, Erminio Tansini, Fabio Capitanio, Fausto Beretti, Giovan Battista Pedrazzini, Giovanni Lamberti, Giovanni Tenga, Iana Zanoskar, Jim Prescott, Leonardo Beccegato, Liliana Scocco, Lucia Bolzano, Marcela Vicuna, Marco Bellagamba, Marco Lodola, Maria Gioia dell’Aglio, Mario Bernardinello, Massimo Meucci, Nacha Piattini, Omar Ronda, Renzo Eusebi, Tita Patti, Romina Power, Rubens Fogacci, Silvio di Pietro, Stefano Sichel, Tino Stefanoni, Ufemia Ritz, Ugo Borlenghi, Umberto Mariani, Venere Chillemi, Jacqueline Gallicot Madar, Massimo Onnis, Fedora Spinelli
Commissioner: Ileana Ordonez Chacon. Curator: Gregorio Rossi. Venue: Palazzo Bollani
Studies on Shivering: The Third Degree
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Curator: Marc Bembekoff. Venue: Palazzo Pisani, S. Marina
El artista entre la individualidad y el contexto
Lida Abdul, Celia-Yunior, Grethell Rasúa, Giuseppe Stampone, LinYilin, Luis Edgardo Gómez Armenteros, Olga Chernysheva, Susana Pilar Delahante Matienzo
Commissioner: Miria Vicini. Curators: Jorge Fernández Torres, Giacomo Zaza. Venue: San Servolo Island
Two Days After Forever
Christodoulos Panayiotou 
Commissioner: Louli Michaelidou. Deputy Commissioner: Angela Skordi. Curator: Omar Kholeif. Deputy Curator: Daniella Rose King. Venue: Palazzo Malipiero, Sestiere San Marco 3079
 CZECH Republic and SLOVAK Republic
Commissioner: Adam Budak. Deputy Commissioner: Barbara Holomkova. Curator: Katarina Rusnakova. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Gold Water: Apocalyptic Black Mirrors
Maria Veronica Leon Veintemilla in collaboration with Lucia Vallarino Peet
Commissioner: Andrea Gonzàlez Sanchez. Deputy Commissioner: PDG Arte Communications. Curator: Ileana Cornea. Deputy Curator: Maria Veronica Leon Veintemilla. Venue: Istituto Santa Maria della Pietà, Castello 3701
NSFW. From the Abyss of History
Commissioner: Maria Arusoo. Curator: Eugenio Viola. Venue: Palazzo Malipiero, campo San Samuele, San Marco 3199
Ahmed Abdel Fatah, Gamal Elkheshen, Maher Dawoud
Commissioner: Hany Al Ashkar. Curator: Ministry of Culture. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini 
FINLAND (Pavilion Alvar Aalto)
Commissioner: Frame Visual Art Finland, Raija Koli. Curator: Taru Elfving. Deputy Curator: Anna Virtanen. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Institut français, with Ministère de la Culture et de la Communication. Curator: Emma Lavigne. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Rusudan Gobejishvili Khizanishvili, Irakli Bluishvili, Dimitri Chikvaidze, Joseph Sabia
Commissioner: Ana Riaboshenko. Curator: Nia Mgaloblishvili. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Jasmina Metwaly / Philip Rizk, Olaf Nicolai, Hito Steyerl, Tobias Zielony
Commissioner: ifa (Institut für Auslandsbeziehungen) on behalf of the Federal Foreign Office. Deputy Commissioner: Elke aus dem Moore, Nina Hülsmeier. Curator: Florian Ebner. Deputy Curator: Tanja Milewsky, Ilina Koralova. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Emma Dexter. Curator: Richard Riley. Deputy Curator: Katrina Schwarz. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Oliver Benoit, Maria McClafferty, Asher Mains, Francesco Bosso and Carmine Ciccarini, Guiseppe Linardi
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Deputy Commissioner: Susan Mains. Curator: Susan Mains. Deputy Curator: Francesco Elisei. Venue: Opera don Orione Artigianelli, Sala Tiziano, Fondamenta delle Zattere ai Gesuati, Dorsoduro 919
Why Look at Animals? AGRIMIKÁ.
Commissioner: Hellenic Ministry of Culture, Education and Religious Affairs. Curator: Gabi Scardi. Deputy Curator: Alexios Papazacharias. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
So much that it doesn't fit here
Antonio Manuel, André Komatsu, Berna Reale
Commissioner: Luis Terepins. Curator: Luiz Camillo Osorio. Deputy Curator: Cauê Alves. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: National Gallery of Canada, Marc Mayer. Deputy Commissioner: National Gallery of Canada, Yves Théoret. Curator: Marie Fraser. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Poéticas de la disidencia | Poetics of dissent: Paz Errázuriz - Lotty Rosenfeld
Paz Errázuriz, Lotty Rosenfeld
Commissioner: Antonio Arèvalo. Deputy Commissioner: Juan Pablo Vergara Undurraga. Curator: Nelly Richard. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale  - Artiglierie
 CHINA, People’s Republic of
LIU Jiakun, LU Yang, TAN Dun, WEN Hui/Living Dance Studio, WU Wenguang/Caochangdi Work Station
Commissioner: China Arts and Entertainment Group, CAEG. Deputy Commissioners: Zhang Yu, Yan Dong. Curator: Beijing Contemporary Art Foundation. Scientific Committee: Fan Di’an, Zhang Zikang, Zhu Di, Gao Shiming, Zhu Qingsheng, Pu Tong, Shang Hui. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Giardino delle Vergini
Emma Anticoli Borza, Sabrina Bertolelli, Mariadolores Castellanos, Max Leiva, Pier Domenico Magri, Adriana Montalto, Elmar Rojas (Elmar René Rojas Azurdia), Paolo Schmidlin, Mónica Serra, Elsie Wunderlich, Collettivo La Grande Bouffe
Commissioner: Daniele Radini Tedeschi. Curators: Stefania Pieralice, Carlo Marraffa, Elsie Wunderlich. Deputy Curators: Luciano Carini, Simone Pieralice. Venue: Officina delle Zattere, Dorsoduro 947, Fondamenta Nani
Commissioner: Em.mo Card. Gianfranco Ravasi, Presidente del Pontificio Consiglio della Cultura. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Commissioner: Monika Balatoni. Deputy Commissioner: István Puskás, Sándor Fodor, Anna Karády. Curator: Kinga German. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Björg Stefánsdóttir. Curator: Nína Magnúsdóttir. Venue: to be confirmed
 INDONESIA, Republic of
Commissioner: Sapta Nirwandar. Deputy Commissioner: Soedarmadji JH Damais. Curator: Carla Bianpoen, Restu Imansari Kusumaningrum. Scientific Committee: Franco Laera, Asmudjo Jono Irianto, Watie Moerany, Elisabetta di Mambro. Venue: Venue: Arsenale
Samira Alikhanzaradeh, Mahmoud Bakhshi Moakhar, Jamshid Bayrami, Mohammed Ehsai
Lida Abdul, Bani Abidi, Adel Abidin, Amin Agheai, Ghodratollah Agheli, Shahriar Ahmadi, Parastou Ahovan, Farhad Ahrarnia, Rashad Alakbarov, Nazgol Ansarinia, Reza Aramesh, Alireza Astaneh, Sonia Balassanian, Mahmoud Bakhshi, Moakhar Wafaa Bilal, Mehdi Farhadian, Monir Farmanfarmaian, Shadi Ghadirian, Babak Golkar, Shilpa Gupta, Ghasem Hajizadeh, Shamsia Hassani, Sahand Hesamiyan, Sitara Ibrahimova, Pouran Jinchi, Amar Kanwar, Babak Kazemi, Ryas Komu, Ahmad Morshedloo, Farhad Moshiri, Mehrdad Mohebali, Huma Mulji, Azad Nanakeli, Jamal Penjweny, Imran Qureshi, Sara Rahbar, Rashid Rana, T.V. Santhosh, Walid Siti, Mohsen Taasha Wahidi, Mitra Tabrizian, Parviz Tanavoli, Newsha Tavakolian, Sadegh Tirafkan, Hema Upadhyay, Saira Wasim
Commissioner: Majid Mollanooruzi. Deputy Commissioners: Marco Meneguzzo, Mazdak Faiznia. Curators: Marco Meneguzzo, Mazdak Faiznia. Venue: Calle San Giovanni 1074/B, Cannaregio
Commissioner: Ruya Foundation for Contemporary Culture in Iraq (RUYA). Deputy Commissioner: Nuova Icona - Associazione Culturale per le Arti. Curator: Philippe Van Cauteren. Venue: Ca' Dandolo, San Polo 2879
Commissioner: Mike Fitzpatrick. Curator: Woodrow Kernohan. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Artiglierie
Tsibi Geva | Archeology of the Present
Commissioner: Arad Turgem, Michael Gov. Curator: Hadas Maor. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Ministero dei Beni e delle attività culturali e del turismo - Direzione Generale Arte e Architettura Contemporanee e Periferie Urbane. Commissioner: Federica Galloni. Curator: Vincenzo Trione. Venue: Padiglione Italia, Tese delle Vergini at Arsenale
Commissioner: The Japan Foundation. Deputy Commissioner: Yukihiro Ohira, Manako Kawata and Haruka Nakajima. Curator: Hitoshi Nakano. Venue : Pavilion at Giardini
Yvonne Apiyo Braendle-Amolo, Qin Feng, Shi Jinsong, Armando Tanzini, Li Zhanyang, Lan Zheng Hui, Li Gang, Double Fly Art Center
Commissioner: Paola Poponi. Curator: Sandro Orlandi Stagl. Deputy Curator: Ding Xuefeng. Venue: San Servolo Island
The Ways of Folding Space & Flying
MOON Kyungwon & JEON Joonho
Commissioner: Sook-Kyung Lee. Curator: Sook-Kyung Lee. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Speculating on the blue
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports. Curator: Nicolaus Schafhausen. Deputy Curator: Katharina Schendl. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Artiglierie
Katrina Neiburga, Andris Eglitis
Commissioner: Solvita Krese (Latvian Centre for Contemporary Art). Deputy Commissioner: Kitija Vasiljeva. Curator: Kaspars Vanags. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Commissioner: Vytautas Michelkevicius. Deputy Commissioner: Rasa Antanaviciute. Curator: Vytautas Michelkevicius. Venue: Palazzo Zenobio, Fondamenta del Soccorso 2569, Dorsoduro
LUXEMBOURG, Grand Duchy of
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Deputy Commissioner: MUDAM Luxembourg. Curator: Paul Ardenne. Venue: Cà Del Duca, Corte del Duca Sforza, San Marco 3052
MACEDONIA, Former Yugoslavian Republic of
We are all in this alone
Hristina Ivanoska and Yane Calovski
Commissioner: Maja Nedelkoska Brzanova, National Gallery of Macedonia. Deputy Commissioner: Olivija Stoilkova. Curator: Basak Senova. Deputy Curator: Maja Cankulovska Mihajlovska. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Sale d’Armi
From One Citizen You Gather an Idea
Sultana Haukim, Nirmal Hurry, Alix Le Juge, Olga Jürgenson, Helge Leiberg, Krishna Luchoomun, Neermala Luckeenarain, Kavinash Thomoo, Bik Van Der Pol, Laure Prouvost, Vitaly Pushnitsky, Römer + Römer
Commissioner: pARTage. Curators: Alfredo Cramerotti, Olga Jürgenson. Venue: Palazzo Flangini - Canareggio 252
Tania Candiani, Luis Felipe Ortega
Commissioner: Tomaso Radaelli. Deputy Commissioner: Magdalena Zavala Bonachea. Curator: Karla Jasso. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Enkhbold Togmidshiirev, Unen Enkh
Commissioner: Gantuya Badamgarav, MCASA. Curator: Uranchimeg Tsultemin. Scientific Committee: David A Ross, Boldbaatar Chultemin. Venue: European Cultural Centre - Palazzo Mora
,,Ti ricordi  Sjecaš li se  You Remember "
Commissioner/Curator: Anastazija Miranovic. Deputy Commissioner: Danica Bogojevic. Venue: Palazzo Malipiero (piano terra), San Marco 3078-3079/A, Ramo Malipiero
MOZAMBIQUE, Republic of *
Theme: Coexistence of Tradition and Modernity in Contemporary Mozambique
Commissioner: Joel Matias Libombo. Deputy Commissioner: Gilberto Paulino Cossa. Curator: Comissariado-Geral para a Expo Milano 2015. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
herman de vries - to be all ways to be
Commissioner: Mondriaan Fund. Curators: Colin Huizing, Cees de Boer. Venue: Pavilion ar Giardini
Commissioner: Heather Galbraith. Curator: Robert Leonard. Venue: Biblioteca Nazionale Marciana, Marco Polo Airport
NORDIC PAVILION (NORWAY)
Commissioner: OCA, Office for Contemporary Art Norway. Curator: Katya García-Antón. Deputy Curator: Antonio Cataldo. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Gilda Mantilla and Raimond Chaves
Commissioner: Armando Andrade de Lucio. Curator: Max Hernández-Calvo. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Tie a String Around the World
Manuel Conde, Carlos Francisco, Manny Montelibano, Jose Tence Ruiz
Commissioner: National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA), Felipe M. de Leon Jr. Curator: Patrick D. Flores. Venue: European Cultural Centre - Palazzo Mora
Halka/Haiti. 18°48’05”N 72°23’01”W
C.T. Jasper, Joanna Malinowska
Commissioner: Hanna Wróblewska. Deputy Commissioner: Joanna Wasko. Curator: Magdalena Moskalewicz. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
I Will Be Your Mirror / poems and problems
Commissioner/Curator: María de Corral. Venue: Palazzo Loredan, campo S. Stefano
Adrian Ghenie: Darwin’s Room
Commissioner: Monica Morariu. Deputy Commissioner: Alexandru Damian. Curator: Mihai Pop. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Inventing the Truth. On Fiction and Reality
Michele Bressan, Carmen Dobre-Hametner, Alex Mirutziu, Lea Rasovszky, Stefan Sava, Larisa Sitar
Commissioner: Monica Morariu. Deputy Commissioner: Alexandru Damian. Curator: Diana Marincu. Deputy Curators: Ephemair Association (Suzana Dan and Silvia Rogozea). Venue: New Gallery of the Romanian Institute for Culture and Humanistic Research in Venice
Commissioner: Stella Kesaeva. Curator: Margarita Tupitsyn. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Lidija Merenik. Deputy Commissioner: Ana Bogdanovic. Curator: Lidija Merenik. Deputy Curator: Ana Bogdanovic. Scientific Committee: Jovan Despotovic. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Repubblica di San Marino “ Friendship Project “ China
Xu De Qi, Liu Dawei, Liu Ruo Wang, Ma Yuan, Li Lei, Zhang Hong Mei, Eleonora Mazza, Giuliano Giulianelli, Giancarlo Frisoni, Tony Margiotta, Elisa Monaldi, Valentina Pazzini
Commissioner: Istituti Culturali della Repubblica di San Marino. Curator: Vincenzo Sanfo. Venue: TBC
SEYCHELLES, Republic of *
George Camille, Léon Wilma Loïs Radegonde
Commissioner: Seychelles Art Projects Foundation. Curators: Sarah J. McDonald, Victor Schaub Wong. Venue: European Cultural Centre - Palazzo Mora
Commissioner: Paul Tan, National Arts Council, Singapore. Curator: Shabbir Hussain Mustafa. Scientific Committee: Eugene Tan, Kathy Lai, Ahmad Bin Mashadi, June Yap, Emi Eu, Susie Lingham, Charles Merewether, Randy Chan. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
SLOVENIA, Republic of
UTTER / The violent necessity for the embodied presence of hope
Commissioner: Simona Vidmar. Deputy Commissioner: Jure Kirbiš. Curators: Michele Drascek and Aurora Fonda. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Artiglierie
Los Sujetos (The Subjects)
Pepo Salazar, Cabello/Carceller, Francesc Ruiz, + Salvador Dalí
Commissioner: Ministerio Asuntos Exteriores. Gobierno de España. Curator: Marti Manen. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Origini della civiltà
Narine Ali, Ehsan Alar, Felipe Cardeña, Fouad Dahdouh, Aldo Damioli, Svitlana Grebenyuk, Mauro Reggio, Liu Shuishi, Nass ouh Zaghlouleh, Andrea Zucchi, Helidon Xhixha
Commissioner: Christian Maretti. Curator: Duccio Trombadori. Venue: Redentore – Giudecca, San Servolo Island
Excavation of the Image: Imprint, Shadow, Spectre, Thought
Commissioner: Ann-Sofi Noring. Curator: Lena Essling. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Commissioner: Swiss Arts Council Pro Helvetia, Sandi Paucic and Marianne Burki. Deputy-Commissioner: Swiss Arts Council Pro Helvetia, Rachele Giudici Legittimo. Curator: Susanne Pfeffer. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Earth, Air, Fire & Water
Commissioner: Chai Nakhonchai, Office of Contemporary Art and Culture (OCAC), Ministry of Culture. Curator: Richard David Garst. Deputy Curator: Pongdej Chaiyakut. Venue: Paradiso Gallerie, Giardini della Biennale, Castello 1260
Commissioner: Istanbul Foundation for Culture and Arts. Curator: Defne Ayas. Deputy Curator: Ozge Ersoy. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Commissioner: Taukelina Finikaso. Deputy Commissioner: Temate Melitiana. Curator: Thomas J. Berghuis. Scientific Committee: Andrea Bonifacio. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Yevgenia Belorusets, Nikita Kadan, Zhanna Kadyrova, Mykola Ridnyi & SerhiyZhadan, Anna Zvyagintseva, Open Group, Artem Volokitin
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Curator: Björn Geldhof. Venue: Riva dei Sette Martiri
1980 – Today: Exhibitions in the United Arab Emirates
Abdullah Al Saadi, Abdul Qader Al Rais, Abdulraheem Salim, Abdulrahman Zainal, Ahmed Al Ansari, Ahmed Sharif, Hassan Sharif, Mohamed Yousif, Mohammed Abdullah Bulhiah, Mohammed Al Qassab, Mohammed Kazem, Moosa Al Halyan, Najat Meky, Obaid Suroor, Salem Jawhar
Commissioner: Salama bint Hamdan Al Nahyan Foundation. Curator: Hoor Al Qasimi. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d'Armi
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Joan Jonas: They Come to Us Without a Word
Commissioner: Paul C. Ha. Deputy Commissioner: MIT List Visual Arts Center. Curators: Ute Meta Bauer, Paul C. Ha. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Global Myopia II (Pencil & Paper)
Commissioner: Ricardo Pascale. Curator: Patricia Bentancour. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
VENEZUELA, Bolivarian Republic of
Te doy mi palabra (I give you my word)
Argelia Bravo, Félix Molina (Flix)
Commissioner: Oscar Sotillo Meneses. Deputy Commissioner: Reinaldo Landaeta Díaz. Curator: Oscar Sotillo Meneses. Deputy Curator: Morella Jurado. Scientific Committee: Carlos Pou Ruan. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
ZIMBABWE, Republic of
Pixels of Ubuntu/Unhu: - Exploring the social and cultural identities of the 21st century.
Chikonzero Chazunguza, Masimba Hwati, Gareth Nyandoro
Commissioner: Doreen Sibanda. Curator: Raphael Chikukwa. Deputy Curator: Tafadzwa Gwetai. Scientific Committee: Saki Mafundikwa, Biggie Samwanda, Fabian Kangai, Reverend Paul Damasane, Nontsikelelo Mutiti, Stephen Garan'anga,  Dominic Benhura. Venue: Santa Maria della Pieta
ITALO-LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE
Commissioner: Sylvia Irrazábal. Curator: Alfons Hug. Deputy Curator: Alberto Saraiva. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Sofia Medici and Laura Kalauz
PLURINATIONAL STATE OF BOLIVIA
Sonia Falcone and José Laura Yapita
María Cristina Rincón and Claudia Rodríguez
Barbara Prézeau Stephenson
001 Inverso Mundus. AES+F
Magazzino del Sale n. 5, Dorsoduro, 265 (Fondamenta delle Zattere ai Saloni); Palazzo Nani Mocenigo, Dorsoduro, 960
May 9th – October 31st
Organization: VITRARIA Glass + A Museum
Catalonia in Venice: Singularity
Cantieri Navali, Castello, 40 (Calle Quintavalle)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Institut Ramon Llull
Conversion. Recycle Group
Chiesa di Sant’Antonin, Castello (Campo Sant’Antonin)
May 6th - October 31st
Organization: Moscow Museum of Modern Art
Palazzo Contarini-Polignac, Dorsoduro, 874 (Accademia)
May 7th – August 15th
Organization: The Boghossian Foundation
Palazzo Donà Brusa, Campo San Polo, 2177
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: European Capital of Culture Wroclaw 2016
EM15 presents Doug Fishbone’s Leisure Land Golf
Arsenale Docks, Castello, 40A, 40B, 41C
Eredità e Sperimentazione
Grand Hotel Hungaria & Ausonia, Viale Santa Maria Elisabetta, 28, Lido di Venezia
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Istituto Nazionale di BioArchitettura - Sezione di Padova
Palazzo Grimani, Castello, 4858 (Ramo Grimani)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Tagore Foundation International; Polo museale del Veneto
Glasstress 2015 Gotika
Istituto Veneto di Scienze Lettere ed Arti, Palazzo Cavalli Franchetti, San Marco, 2847 (Campo Santo Stefano); Chiesa di Santa Maria della Visitazione, Centro Culturale Don Orione Artigianelli, Dorsoduro, 919 (Zattere); Fondazione Berengo, Campiello della Pescheria, 15, Murano;
May 9th — November 22nd
Organization: The State Hermitage Museum
Graham Fagen: Scotland + Venice 2015
Palazzo Fontana, Cannaregio, 3829 (Strada Nova)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Scotland + Venice
Grisha Bruskin. An Archaeologist’s Collection
Former Chiesa di Santa Caterina, Cannaregio, 4941-4942
May 6th – November 22nd
Organization: Centro Studi sulle Arti della Russia (CSAR), Università Ca’ Foscari Venezia
Helen Sear, ... The Rest Is Smoke
Santa Maria Ausiliatrice, Castello, 450 (Fondamenta San Gioacchin)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Cymru yn Fenis/Wales in Venice
Palazzo Michiel, Cannaregio, 4391/A (Strada Nova)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Hubei Museum of Art
Humanistic Nature and Society (Shan-Shui) – An Insight into the Future
Palazzo Faccanon, San Marco, 5016 (Mercerie)
Organization: Shanghai Himalayas Museum
In the Eye of the Thunderstorm: Effervescent Practices from the Arab World & South Asia
Dorsoduro, 417 (Zattere)
May 6th - November 15th
Italia Docet | Laboratorium- Artists, Participants, Testimonials and Activated Spectators
Palazzo Barbarigo Minotto, San Marco, 2504 (Fondamenta Duodo o Barbarigo)
May 9th – June 30th; September 11st – October 31st
Organization: Italian Art Motherboard Foundation (i-AM Foundation)
Jaume Plensa: Together
Basilica di San Giorgio Maggiore, Isola di San Giorgio Maggiore
May 6th – November 22nd
Organization: Abbazia di San Giorgio Maggiore Benedicti Claustra Onlus
Jenny Holzer "War Paintings"
Museo Correr, San Marco, 52 (Piazza San Marco)
May 6th – November 22nd
Organization: The Written Art Foundation; Museo Correr, Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia
Jump into the Unknown
Palazzo Loredan dell’Ambasciatore, Dorsoduro, 1261-1262
Organization: Nine Dragon Heads
Palazzo Bembo, San Marco, 4793 (Riva del Carbon)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Pan Tianshou Foundation
Palazzo Benzon, San Marco, 3927
May 6th  – October 31st
Organization: The Gujral Foundation
Ornamentalism. The Purvitis Prize
Arsenale Nord, Tesa 99
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: The Secretariat of the Latvian Presidency of the Council of the European Union in 2015
Arsenale, Castello, 2126/A (Campo della Tana)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: The Civic and Municipal Affairs Bureau; The Macao Museum of Art; The Cultural Affairs Bureau
Patricia Cronin: Shrine for Girls, Venice
Chiesa di San Gallo, San Marco, 1103 (Campo San Gallo)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Brooklyn Rail Curatorial Projects
Roberto Sebastian Matta. Sculture
Giardino di Palazzo Soranzo Cappello, Soprintendenza BAP per le Province di Venezia, Belluno, Padova e Treviso, Santa Croce, 770 (Fondamenta Rio Marin)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Fondazione Echaurren Salaris
Salon Suisse: S.O.S. Dada - The World Is A Mess
Palazzo Trevisan degli Ulivi, Dorsoduro, 810 (Campo Sant'Agnese)
May 9th; June 4th - 6th; September 10th - 12th; October 15th - 17th; November 19th – 21st
Organization: Swiss Arts Council Pro Helvetia
Sean Scully: Land Sea
Palazzo Falier, San Marco, 2906
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Fondazione Volume!
Sepphoris. Alessandro Valeri
Molino Stucky, interior atrium, Giudecca, 812
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Assessorato alla Cultura del Comune di Narni(TR); a Sidereal Space of Art; Satellite Berlin
Palazzo Nani Mocenigo, Dorsoduro, 960
May 9th – October 18th
Organization: VITRARIA Glass + A Museum
The Bridges of Graffiti
Arterminal c/o Terminal San Basilio, Dorsoduro (Fondamenta Zattere al Ponte Lungo)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Associazione Culturale Inossidabile
The Dialogue of Fire. Ceramic and Glass Masters from Barcelona to Venice
Palazzo Tiepolo Passi, San Polo, 2774
May 6th - November 22nd
Organization: Fundaciò Artigas; ArsCulture
The Question of Beings
Istituto Santa Maria della Pietà, Castello, 3701
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (MoCA, Taipei)
The Revenge of the Common Place
Università Ca' Foscari, Ca' Bernardo, Dorsoduro, 3199 (Calle Bernardo)
May 9th – September 30th
Organization: Vrije Universiteit Brussel (Free University Brussels-VUB)
The Silver Lining. Contemporary Art from Liechtenstein and other Microstates
Palazzo Trevisan degli Ulivi, Dorsoduro, 810 (Campo Sant'Agnese)
October 24th – November 1st
Organization: Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein
The Sound of Creation. Paintings + Music by Beezy Bailey and Brian Eno
Conservatorio Benedetto Marcello, Palazzo Pisani, San Marco, 2810 (Campo Santo Stefano)
May 7th - November 22nd
The Union of Fire and Water
Palazzo Barbaro, San Marco, 2840
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: YARAT Contemporary Art Organisation
Thirty Light Years - Theatre of Chinese Art
Palazzo Rossini, San Marco, 4013 (Campo Manin)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: GAC Global Art Center Foundation; The Guangdong Museum of Art
Tsang Kin-Wah: The Infinite Nothing, Hong Kong in Venice
Arsenale, Castello, 2126 (Campo della Tana)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: M+, West Kowloon Cultural District; Hong Kong Arts Development Council
Under the Surface, Newfoundland and Labrador at Venice
Galleria Ca' Rezzonico, Dorsoduro, 2793
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Terra Nova Art Foundation
Ursula von Rydingsvard
Giardino della Marinaressa, Castello (Riva dei Sette Martiri)
May 6th - November 22nd
Organization:Yorkshire Sculpture Park
We Must Risk Delight: Twenty Artists from Los Angeles
Magazzino del Sale n. 3, Dorsoduro, 264 (Zattere)
May 7th - November 22nd
Wu Tien-Chang: Never Say Goodbye
Palazzo delle Prigioni, Castello, 4209 (San Marco)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Taipei Fine Arts Museum of Taiwan
Istituto Santa Maria della Pietà, Castello, 3701
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Dream Amsterdam Foundation
Universities and Associations that have joined the project
Sotheby’s Institute of Art, London / St Lucas University College of Art & Design, Antwerp / University of Washington - College of Arts & Sciences, Seattle / Iowa State University - College of Design, Ames / Universität für angewandte Kunst, Vienna
Venice International University / Università Ca’ Foscari, Venezia / Università Ca’ Foscari, Venezia - Dipartimento di Filosofia e Beni Culturali / Università IUAV di Venezia / Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi, Milano - Dipartimento di Marketing / Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera, Milano - Ufficio Relazioni Internazionali. Erasmus Office / Politecnico di Milano - Scuola del Design. Laurea in Design degli Interni / Università di Roma Sapienza - Facoltà di Architettura / Associazione Cinemavvenire, Roma / Università per Stranieri di Perugia / Università per Stranieri di Siena
Central Pavilion at the Giardini (3,000 sq.m.) to the Arsenale
Bice Curiger Massimiliano Gioni
A Parliament for a Biennale
 Paolo Baratta, President of la Biennale di Venezia
Okwui Enwezor the ARENA Karl Marx’s Das Kapital
  Theaster Gates Chris Rehberger Joseph Haydn Cesare Paveset David Adjaye Olaf Nicolai Joana Hadjithomas and Khalil Joreige Marsilio Editori. emergency cinema.” Abounaddara
Mathieu KleyebeCharles Gaines’Jeremy Deller Jason Moran , venedig biennale biennial
other Biennale :(Biennials ) :
Venice Biennial , Documenta Havana Biennial,Istanbul Biennial ( Istanbuli),Biennale de Lyon ,Dak'Art Berlin Biennial,Mercosul Visual Arts Biennial ,Bienal do Mercosul Porto Alegre.,Berlin Biennial ,Echigo-Tsumari Triennial .Yokohama Triennial  Aichi Triennale,manifesta ,Copenhagen Biennale,Aichi Triennale
Yokohama Triennial,Echigo-Tsumari Triennial.Sharjah Biennial ,Biennale of Sydney, Liverpool , São Paulo Biennial ; Athens Biennale , Bienal do Mercosul ,Göteborg International Biennial for Contemporary Art
Top ten wedding photographers Edward Olive zorros
Top ten wedding photographers
its always hard to take a decent photo and especially hard not just to repeat yourself
i have been getting less than a decent shot per roll since the summer. 
i am going to change cameras and style again. no more failing attemps at photojournalism and f4-32
taken during a wedding dinner in spain, september 2009
but then again even my second favourite photographer peruan mario testino is going off at times into posed staged fake smiled dullness
dear me mario you don't need the money stick to the rio de janeiro sizzle
i was looking at the wikipedia encyclopedia and notable photographers and whilst wedding photography does exist as a category there is no category of wedding photographers nor any wedding photographer listed as notable
List of photographers
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to: navigation, search
This is a list of notable photographers who already have articles.
Contents Top · 0–9 · A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
    Abstract photographer
    Advertising photographer
    Architectural photographer
    Celebrity photographer
    Documentary photographer
    Ethnographic photographer
    Industrial photographer
    Interiors photographer
    Landscape photographer
    Portrait photographer
    Scientific/technical photographer
    Underwater photographer
    * Berenice Abbott (doc, pict, port)
    * William de Wiveleslie Abney
    * George W. Ackerman (doc)
    * Ansel Adams (art, doc, land, pict)
    * Eddie Adams (doc, land, war)
    * Gustavo Aguerre (art)
    * Tadasuke Akiyama (doc)
    * Timothy Allen (doc, ethno, port)
    * Jane Fulton Alt (art)
    * Manuel Álvarez Bravo (abs, art, doc)
    * Christian von Alvensleben
    * Takashi Amano (land, und)
    * George Edward Anderson
    * Dieter Appelt (port)
    * Nobuyoshi Araki (art)
    * Taku Aramasa (fash, doc)
    * Diane Arbus (art, doc, fash, int, port)
    * Malcolm Arbuthnot (pict, port)
    * Eve Arnold (art, fash, port)
    * Yann Arthus-Bertrand
    * Bill Atkinson (dig, land)
    * Alan Aubry (arch, art, doc, int, land)
    * Richard Avedon (art, fash, port)
    * Jerry Avenaim (art, fash, port)
    * Chapman Baehler (doc, adv, fash, port)
    * David Bailey (fash, port)
    * John Baldessari (abs, art)
    * Nigel Barker (fash)
    * Tina Barney (art, port)
    * Uta Barth (abs, art)
    * Pablo Bartholomew (doc, art, ethno)
    * Pinky Bass (abs, art, doc, land, port)
    * Cecil Beaton (art, doc, fash, port)
    * Ingeborg de Beausacq
    * Bernd and Hilla Becher (art, doc, int, land)
    * Lukas Beck (art, doc, port)
    * Manzur Alam Beg (art)
    * Hans Bellmer (art, doc, port)
    * E. J. Bellocq (doc, port)
    * Rafael Ben-Ari (doc, war)
    * Fernando Bengoechea (int)
    * Henning von Berg (art, port)
    * Herbert Bowyer Berkeley (land)
    * Ruth Bernhard (art, int, port)
    * Edward Bierstadt (port, land)
    * Richard Billingham (art, doc)
    * Auguste-Rosalie Bisson
    * Andreas Bitesnich (fash)
    * Louis Désiré Blanquart-Evrard
    * Karl Blossfeldt (art, sci)
    * Skip Bolen (jazz, music, celeb, doc, stills)
    * Edouard Boubat (art)
    * Jack E. Boucher (doc)
    * Jean-Christian Bourcart
    * Margaret Bourke-White (doc, int, land, port)
    * Alex Boyd (land, art)
    * Mathew Brady (land, port, war)
    * Bill Brandt (art, doc)
    * Manuel Álvarez Bravo
    * Hamish Brown (port)
    * Dan Budnik (doc, port)
    * Christopher Burkett
    * Larry Burrows (war)
    * Edward Burtynsky (land)
    * Jean-Marc Bustamante (art)
    * Pogus Caesar (doc, art)
    * Bernard Cahier (spt)
    * Harry Callahan (art, doc, int, land, port)
    * Julia Margaret Cameron (art, doc, int, land, port)
    * Loren Cameron (art, doc, port)
    * Robert Capa (doc, war)
    * Paul Caponigro (art, land)
    * Lewis Carroll (art, port)
    * Keith Carter (art, doc, land, port)
    * Henri Cartier-Bresson (art, doc, port)
    * Jean Chamoux (doc, port, fash, war)
    * Polly Chandler (art, port)
    * Dickey Chapelle (doc, war)
    * Jean-Philippe Charbonnier (port, doc)
    * Sarah Charlesworth (abs, art)
    * Teisuke Chiba (doc)
    * William Christenberry
    * Larry Clark (art, doc, fash, port)
    * Bob Carlos Clarke (art)
    * William Claxton (adv, fash, port)
    * Alvin Langdon Coburn (pict)
    * Ioan Mihai Cochinescu (art, doc)
    * Daniel Colegrove (doc, adv, port)
    * Neville Coleman (und, land)
    * Florin Constantinescu (art, doc, int, land, port)
    * Martha Cooper (doc, ethno)
    * Paul de Cordon (art, fash)
    * Peter Cornelius (art)
    * Paul Couvrette (art, doc, int, land, port)
    * Gregory Crewdson (abs, art, doc, land)
    * Imogen Cunningham (doc, int, land, port)
    * Asahel Curtis (doc)
    * Edward S. Curtis (doc, land)
    * Louis-Jacques-Mandé Daguerre (land, port)
    * Louise Dahl-Wolfe (art, doc, port)
    * Bruce Davidson (land, port)
    * Ron Davies (art,dig,land,port)
    * F. Holland Day (pict)
    * Peter Dazeley (adv,art,dig,fash,port)
    * John Deakin (port, art)
    * Edgar de Evia (art, adv, doc, fash, food, int)
    * Reza Deghati (doc, war)
    * Manoocher Deghati (doc,war)
    * Terry Deglau (doc, port)
    * Patrick Demarchelier
    * Autumn de Wilde (port)
    * Philip-Lorca diCorcia (art, doc, int, land, port)
    * Christophe Dillinger (art, land, port)
    * André-Adolphe-Eugène Disdéri
    * Robert Doisneau (doc, land, port)
    * Ken Domon (arch, art, doc)
    * Terence Donovan (fash, doc)
    * David Doubilet (und)
    * W. & D. Downey (port)
    * David Douglas Duncan
    * Jean Louis Marie Eugène Durieu
    * Dutton & Michaels (photographic studio)
    * Harold Eugene Edgerton (sci)
    * John Paul Edwards (pict)
    * Isidore Jacques Eggermont
    * William Eggleston (art, doc, land)
    * Alfred Eisenstaedt (land)
    * Arthur Elliott (arch)
    * Peter Henry Emerson
    * Mitch Epstein (doc, port)
    * Elliott Erwitt (art, doc, int, port)
    * Dulah Marie Evans ( drawing,land)
    * Walker Evans (doc, port)
    * Bernard Faucon (art)
    * James Fee (art, war)
    * Fernando Fernández Navarrete
    * Frode Fjerdingstad (art)
    * Fernand Fonssagrives (art, fash)
    * Franco Fontana (art)
    * Joan Fontcuberta (art)
    * Auguste François (ethno, doc, land)
    * Robert Frank (doc, land, port)
    * Stuart Franklin (doc)
    * Thomas E. Franklin (doc)
    * Lee Friedlander (abs, art, land, port)
    * Katsuji Fukuda (adv, art)
    * Rosō Fukuhara (art)
    * Shinzō Fukuhara (art)
    * Adam Fuss (abs, art, doc)
    * Anne Geddes (art, doc, port)
    * Paula Rae Gibson (art)
    * Joseph-Philibert Girault de Prangey
    * Wilhelm von Gloeden (art, fash, port)
    * Barbara Gluck (art,war)
    * Fay Godwin (art, land, port)
    * Nan Goldin (art, int, port)
    * Andy Goldsworthy (abs, art, land)
    * Kaveh Golestan (doc)
    * Rolando Gomez (art, doc, port)
    * Greg Gorman (art, port)
    * William P. Gottlieb
    * Emmet Gowin (art, doc)
    * Karen Graffeo (art, port, doc)
    * Timothy Greenfield-Sanders (port, celeb)
    * Philip Jones Griffiths (doc, war)
    * Andreas Gursky (art)
    * Ernst Haas (Doc, port)
    * Tzeli Hadjidimitriou (art, land, arch)
    * E.R. Hall (spt, port)
    * Mark Robert Halper (adv, arch, art, inds, port)
    * Philippe Halsman (art, fash, port)
    * David Hamilton (abs, art)
    * Adelaide Hanscom (pict)
    * Bert Hardy (doc, war)
    * Sam Haskins (adv, art, doc, fash, inds, food, land, port)
    * Victor Hasselblad (Land)
    * Tadahiko Hayashi (doc, port)
    * Takanobu Hayashi (art)
    * William Heick (art, doc, ethno, inds)
    * Gottfried Helnwein (art)
    * Carli Hermès (abs, adv, art)
    * J Malan Heslop (war)
    * David Octavius Hill
    * Lewis Hine (art, doc, port)
    * John Hoagland (war)
    * Hannah Höch (abs, art, port)
    * David Hockney (abs, art, doc, int, land, port)
    * Frederick Hollyer (port, art, int)
    * Horst P. Horst (doc, fash, port)
    * Charles Howard (doc)
    * Robert Howlett Pioneer, 1831–1858
    * George Hoyningen-Huene
    * Art Hupy (arch, port)
    * George Hurrell (art, fash)
    * Philip Hyde (nature, land, art)
    * William H. Illingworth
    * Jesús Inostroza (doc, art)
    * Taikichi Irie (art, doc)
    * Lee Isaacs (abs, adv, art, doc, port)
    * Johann Baptist Isenring
    * Yasuhiro Ishimoto (doc, art)
    * Takeji Iwamiya (arch, doc)
    * William Henry Jackson
    * Lotte Jacobi (port)
    * Bahman Jalali (doc, art)
    * Gaspard-Pierre-Gustave Joly de Lotbinière (arch, land)
    * Charles Jones (food)
    * Clemens Kalischer (doc, art)
    * Yousuf Karsh (port)
    * Nasrollah Kasraian (doc, land)
    * Barry Kay (doc, art)
    * Seiki Kayamori (doc, ethno)
    * Michael Kenna (art, int, land)
    * Mitch Kern (art, port)
    * André Kertész (doc, land, int, port)
    * Robert Glenn Ketchum
    * Hiroh Kikai (doc, port)
    * Shunkichi Kikuchi (doc, sci)
    * Miru Kim (doc, art, land)
    * Ihei Kimura (doc, port)
    * Genzō Kitazumi (art, doc)
    * Stuart Klipper (art, land)
    * Tomio Kondō (doc, port)
    * Yannis Kontos (doc)
    * Barbara Kruger (abs, art, doc)
    * Motoichi Kumagai (doc)
    * Justine Kurland (art)
    * Kineo Kuwabara (doc)
    * Shisei Kuwabara (doc)
    * David LaChapelle (art, fash)
    * Vincent Laforet (doc)
    * Karl Lagerfeld (fash)
    * Ernst Heinrich Landrock
    * Inez van Lamsweerde
    * Dorothea Lange (doc, port)
    * Clarence John Laughlin (art, int, land, port)
    * Jacques Henri Lartigue (doc)
    * Rudolf Franz Lehnert
    * Annie Leibovitz (art, doc, fash, port)
    * Henri Le Secq (arch)
    * Esther Levine (art)
    * Sherrie Levine (art, doc)
    * Helen Levitt (doc, port)
    * Patrick Lichfield (port)
    * Jerome Liebling (art)
    * Peter Lindbergh (fash)
    * Lawrence Denny Lindsley (land, doc)
    * O. Winston Link (abs, adv, art, doc, land, inds)
    * Jacqueline Livingston
    * Harold Lloyd (port)
    * Alejandro López de Haro (art)
    * Jet Lowe (arch, doc, port)
    * Auguste and Louis Lumière
    * Markéta Luskačová (doc)
    * Serge Lutens (art, fash)
    * George Platt Lynes (adv, art, doc, fash, port)
    * Danny Lyon (doc, port)
    * Sally Mann (art, doc, pict, port)
    * Jonathan Mannion (music, adv, celeb)
    * Robert Mapplethorpe (art, fash, port)
    * Fosco Maraini (ethno)
    * Mary Ellen Mark (doc, port)
    * Oscar G. Mason (sci)
    * Spider Martin (doc, port)
    * Enrico Martino (ethno, land, war)
    * Susumu Matsushima (fash, port)
    * Gordon Matta-Clark (art)
    * John Jabez Edwin Mayall
    * Raphael Mazzucco (fashion)
    * Will McBride (doc, port)
    * Mary McCartney (port)
    * Linda McCartney (art, doc, fash)
    * Joseph McKeown (adv, doc, inds, war)
    * Joe McNally (doc, port)
    * Steven Meisel (art, fash)
    * Pascal Meunier (doc)
    * Mohammadreza Mirzaei (art)
    * Richard Misrach (abs, art, doc)
    * Daniel S. Mitchell (doc)
    * Tina Modotti (art, doc, port)
    * László Moholy-Nagy (art)
    * Jean-Baptiste Mondino (fash)
    * Geoff Moon (birds, nz natural)
    * Charles Moore (doc, port)
    * Derry Moore, 12th Earl of Drogheda (port, art, int)
    * Raymond Moore (art)
    * Julie Moos (art, doc, land, port)
    * Aizō Morikawa (port)
    * Ugo Mulas (art, doc, port)
    * Vik Muniz (abs, art)
    * Martin Munkácsi (spt, doc, fash)
    * Richard Murrian (art)
    * Eadweard Muybridge (art, doc, land)
    * James Nachtwey (doc, war)
    * Filip Naudts (art, port)
    * Shigeichi Nagano (doc)
    * Yasushi Nagao (doc)
    * Billy Name (art, doc, port)
    * Hans Namuth (portraits of artists)
    * Ikkō Narahara (art)
    * Yōnosuke Natori (doc)
    * Negretti and Zambra (photographic studio)
    * Nelly's (Elli Souyioultzoglou-Seraïdari)
    * Helmut Newton (art, fash, port)
    * Arnold Newman (port)
    * Dianora Niccolini (art)
    * Nicholas Nixon (doc, port)
    * Kazimierz Nowak (doc, ethno)
    * Erwin Olaf (fash, port)
    * Kōshirō Onchi (art)
    * Rubén Ortiz Torres (art)
    * Johannes Pääsuke (doc, ethno)
    * Martin Parr (art, doc)
    * Robert ParkeHarrison (art)
    * Irving Penn (art, fash)
    * Gilles Peress (doc)
    * Lucian Perkins (doc, war)
    * Bob Peterson (photographer)
    * John Pezzenti (wildlife)
    * Gueorgui Pinkhassov (doc)
    * David Plowden (doc)
    * Robert Polidori (arch)
    * Sergei Mikhailovich Prokudin-Gorskii
    * Włodzimierz Puchalski
    * Willy Puchner (art, doc)
    * Ragnar Axelsson (doc)
    * Paul Raphaelson (art)
    * Man Ray (art, port)
    * Tony Ray-Jones (art, doc)
    * Jahangir Razmi (doc)
    * David Redfern (music)
    * Henri-Victor Regnault
    * Oscar Gustave Rejlander (art, port)
    * Albert Renger-Patzsch
    * Carlos Reyes-Manzo (doc)
    * Marc Riboud (art, doc, int, land)
    * Eugene Richards (doc)
    * Jim Richardson (doc, land)
    * Terry Richardson (fash, art)
    * Leni Riefenstahl (doc, int, land, port)
    * Frank Rinehart (doc)
    * Herb Ritts (art, fash, port)
    * Henry Peach Robinson (pict)
    * John V. Robinson (arch, doc, inds)
    * Thomas C. Roche (doc, war)
    * José Luis Rodríguez Pittí (art, doc)
    * Milton Rogovin (doc)
    * Ben Rose (fash, food, port)
    * Barbara Rosenthal (art, surrealism)
    * Dominic Rouse (art)
    * Johnny Rozsa (celeb, port, fash)
    * Michael Ruetz (art, doc)
    * Sebastião Salgado (art, doc)
    * Arnold E. Samuelson (war)
    * Akira Satō (art, fash)
    * Tokihiro Satō (art)
    * Jan Saudek (art, port)
    * Charles Roscoe Savage
    * Francesco Scavullo (art, fash)
    * Rocky Schenck (art)
    * Josef Jindřich Šechtl
    * Stéphane Sednaoui (adv, art, fash)
    * Mark Seliger (port)
    * Vittorio Sella (land)
    * Andres Serrano (art, doc, port)
    * Cindy Sherman (art, doc, port)
    * Stewart Shining (fashion)
    * Katharina Sieverding
    * Wolfgang Sievers (arch, ind)
    * Steven Siewert (art, doc)
    * Floria Sigismondi (art)
    * Marilyn Silverstone
    * Lorna Simpson (art)
    * Natalia Skobeeva (art, fashion)
    * Sandy Skoglund (art, doc)
    * Edwin Smith (arch, int, land)
    * Mickey Smith (artist)
    * W. Eugene Smith (doc)
    * Melvin Sokolsky (art, fash, adv)
    * Alec Soth (art, doc, land, port)
    * Jack Spencer (art, doc, int, land)
    * Humphrey Spender (doc)
    * Christine Spengler (war)
    * Melissa Springer (art, doc, port)
    * Andrew Stark (art, doc)
    * Chris Steele-Perkins (doc)
    * Edward Steichen (art, land, pict, port)
    * Joel Sternfeld (doc)
    * David Stewart (art, adv)
    * Charles Settrington (land)
    * Alfred Stieglitz (art, port)
    * Baron Raimund von Stillfried
    * Stillfried & Andersen (photographic studio)
    * Nellie Stockbridge(doc)
    * Thomas Struth (art, doc)
    * Jock Sturges (art, port)
    * Anthony Suau (doc, war)
    * Josef Sudek (art, pict)
    * Hiroshi Sugimoto (art, doc, port)
    * Francis Meadow Sutcliffe
    * Kenneth Dupee Swan (land)
    * John Szarkowski (doc)
    * Masataka Takayama (abs, art)
    * Akihide Tamura (aka Shigeru Tamura)
    * Sakae Tamura (art, port)
    * Shigeru Tamura (not Akihide Tamura)
    * Gerda Taro (Gerta Pohorylle) (doc)
    * John Bigelow Taylor (arch, art, port)
    * Maggie Taylor (art)
    * Sam Taylor-Wood (art, doc, port)
    * Juergen Teller (fash)
    * Peter Thomann (doc)
    * Nicolas Tikhomiroff
    * Wolfgang Tillmans (abs, art, land)
    * Shōmei Tōmatsu (art, doc)
    * Akira Toriyama (land, pict)
    * Bill Travis (art, port)
    * Arthur Tress (art, fash, port)
    * John Trobaugh (art, doc, port)
    * Thomas Tulis (art, doc, inds, land, port)
    * Spencer Tunick (art, doc, fash, port)
    * David C. Turnley (doc)
    * Peter Turnley (doc)
    * Jerry Uelsmann (art, land, port)
    * Brian Ulrich (art, doc)
    * John Vachon (arch, doc, port)
    * Chris von Wangenheim (fash)
    * Andy Warhol (art, doc, fash, port)
    * Waswo X. Waswo (art, port)
    * Hiroshi Watanabe (port)
    * Bruce Weber (art, doc, fash)
    * Weegee (abs, art, doc)
    * Brett Weston (art, port)
    * Cole Weston (art, port)
    * Edward Weston (art, pict, port)
    * John H. White (doc)
    * Minor White (art, land)
    * Hannah Wilke (art, port)
    * Christopher Williams
    * Deborah Willis (art)
    * Charles Paul Wilp (adv)
    * George Washington Wilson
    * Kathryn Tucker Windham (doc)
    * Garry Winogrand (art, land)
    * Ernest Withers (doc)
    * Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz
    * Joel-Peter Witkin (art, doc, port)
    * Francesca Woodman (art)
    * Don Worth (land, botanical)
    * Lorna Yabsley (port)
    * Yokoyama Matsusaburō
    * Kohei Yoshiyuki (doc)
    * Jerome Zerbe (art, doc, fash, war)
    * Ron L. Zheng (abs, art)
    * Stanislovas Žvirgždas
    * Fetish photographer
    * Fine art photography
    * Glamour photographer
    * Norwegian photographers
    * Photographers of the erotic male
    * New Zealand photography
    * Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography
    * Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography
    * Wedding photography
    * Women in photography
    * Wikipedian Photographers
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to: navigation, search
Wedding photography is the photography of activities relating to weddings. It encompasses photographs of the couple before marriage (for announcements, portrait displays, or thank you cards) as well as coverage of the wedding and reception (sometimes referred to as the wedding breakfast in non-US countries). It is a major commercial endeavor that supports the bulk of the efforts for many photography studios or independent photographers.
Large format camera lens.jpg Photography portal
A 1942 wedding with bride in traditional long white wedding dress.
Like the technology of photography itself, the practice of wedding photography has evolved and grown since the invention of the photographic art form in 1826 by Joseph Nicéphore Niépce. In fact, an early photograph, recorded some 14 years after the fact, may be a recreation for the camera of the 1840 wedding of Queen Victoria to Prince Albert. However, in the early days of photography, most couples of more humble means did not hire a photographer to record the actual wedding itself. Until the later half of the 19th century, most people didn’t pose for formal wedding photos during the wedding. Rather, they might pose for a formal photo in their best clotthhes before or after a wedding. In the late 1860s, more couples started posing in their wedding clothes or sometimes hired a photographer to come to the wedding venue. (See the gallery at White wedding.)
Due to the nature of the bulky equipment and lighting issues, wedding photography was largely a studio practice for most of the late 1800s. Over time, technology improved, but many couples still might only pose for a single wedding portrait. Wedding albums started becoming more commonplace towards the 1880s, and the photographer would sometimes include the wedding party in the photographs. Often the wedding gifts would be laid out and recorded in the photographs as well.[1]
At the beginning of the 20th century, color photography became available, but was still unreliable and expensive, so most wedding photography was still practiced in black and white. The concept of capturing the wedding "event" came about after the Second World War. Using film roll technology and improved lighting techniques available with the invention of the compact flash bulb, photographers would often show up at a wedding and try to sell the photos later. Despite the initial low quality photographs that often resulted, the competition forced the studio photographers to start working on location.
Initially, professional studio photographers might bring a lot of bulky equipment, thus limiting their ability to record the entire event. Even "candid" photos were more often staged after the ceremony. In the 1970s, the more modern approach to recording the entire wedding event started evolving into the practice as we know it today.[2]
    * 3 Albums, prints, and other products
    * 5 Professional organizations
Here, a wedding photographer rehearses taking a wedding photo using her assistant as a model. The veil was deliberately placed in position by the photographer.
During the film era, photographers favored color negative film and medium-format cameras, especially by Hasselblad. Today, many more weddings are photographed with digital SLR cameras as the digital convenience provides quick detection of lighting mistakes and allows creative approaches to be reviewed immediately.
In spite of diminishing film use, some photographers continue to shoot with film as they prefer the film aesthetic, and others are of the opinion that negative film captures more information than digital technology, and has less margin for exposure error. Certainly true in some cases, it should be noted that exposure latitude inherent in a camera's native RAW image format (which allows for more under- and over- exposure than JPEG[3]) varies from manufacturer to manufacturer. All forms of RAW have a degree of exposure latitude which exceeds slide film - to which digital capture is commonly compared.[citation needed]
Currently, it is fair to say that many professional labs have a greater capacity to provide services in post-production for film compared with digital[citation needed], such as quickly generating adequate prints in the event of some over- or under- exposure. This should change over time, with manufacturers like Kodak announcing a commitment to further develop streamlined services in the area of professional digital lab output.
Technology has evolved with the use of remote triggers and flashes. Wedding photographers are now able to take advantage of traveling light and having the ability to use creative lighting.
This article may contain original research or unverified claims. Please improve the article by adding references. See the talk page for details. (December 2007)
Bride & groom in a park, posing in photojournalistic style.
A photojournalistic wedding image capturing the drama of the moment.
There are two primary approaches to wedding photography that are recognized today: Traditional and Photojournalistic. Traditional wedding photography provides for more classically posed images and a great deal of photographer control and interaction on the day of the wedding. Photojournalistic wedding photography takes its cue from editorial reporting styles and focuses more on candid and unposed images with little photographer interaction. These are two extremes and many of today's photographers will fall somewhere in the middle of these two styles.
A third style that is becoming more popular is a fashion-based approach. In contemporary/fashion-based wedding photography, photojournalistic images of the events of the day are combined with posed images that are inspired by editorial fashion photography as would be found in magazines like Vogue or Vanity Fair.
A fourth style that is popular in Asian countries, especially in China, is wedding studio photography(Chinese: 婚纱摄影; pinyin: hūn shā shè yǐng). Typically, couples will select a studio in a similar manner as western couples select a wedding photographer. They will then make an appointment with the studio for either in-studio or location shoot, which is becoming popular in recent years, to do "glamour wedding shots". In attendance will be a hair stylist and make-up artist in addition to the photographer and the couple. The couple will go through many changes of clothing and backgrounds in a similar manner to the fashion based approach.
A bride arriving at the venue, with her father also in the car. The black and white texture, together with her expression, and the composition of the photograph make for a picture that evokes some of the emotion from the day.
The term contemporary wedding photography is used to describe wedding photography that is not of a traditional nature. The emphasis in contemporary photography is to capture the story and atmosphere from the day, so the viewer has an appreciation of what the wedding was like, rather than a series of pre-determined poses. This term can be mistaken for meaning any photograph that is not posed or formal. The advent and advancement of digital cameras (and increased use of the internet) means that many people can offer their services as a wedding photographer, but contemporary wedding photography is more than taking informal photographs and involves the use of composition, lighting, and timing to capture photographs that have a strong visual appeal.
There is some uncertainty over what constitutes contemporary and how this differs from other forms of wedding photography. The PSA Journal, March 1994, records a debate on this subject.[4]. This highlights the difficulty with the word contemporary when defining photographic expression, as some feel this term is not sufficiently defined. For example, is photojournalism contemporary or is it different? Photojournalism is easier to define, as the term infers the photography is by its nature similar to journalism, where the emphasis is upon reporting and recording events in a newsworthy manner, whereas contemporary may include an element of photojournalism but is not exclusively that style of photography.
However, the landscape of Wedding Photography has constantly evolved, it is a creative discipline and those proponents at the leading edge of the industry are constantly feeding new ideas into the photographic community. As a result trends[5] will develop, mostly based around the core elements discussed. Some will be transitory while others will remain a traditional part.
 Albums, prints, and other products
A contemporary wedding photographer will usually provide some or all of the following:
    * Indoor photography at a church, temple, or other private venue during the ceremony and reception.
    * Outdoor photography (often at a park, beach, or scenic location on the day of the wedding and/or for engagement photos).
    * Both posed and candid (photojournalistic) shots of the wedding couple and their guests at the religious or civil ceremony, and the reception that follows.
    * Formal portraiture in the studio (for either the wedding and/or the engagement photos).
    * Digital services, such as digital prints or slides shows.
    * Albums (either traditional or the more contemporary flush mount type of album).
A sample two-page spread from a contemporary flush mount wedding album.
The range of deliverables that a wedding photographer presents is varied. There is no standard as to what is included in a wedding coverage or package, so products vary regionally and from across photographers, as do the number of images provided.
Most photographers provide a set of proofs (usually unretouched, edited images) for the clients to view. Photographers may provide hard copy proofs in the form of 4x5 or 4x6 prints, a "magazine" of images with thumbnail sized pictures on multiple pages, an online proof gallery, images on CD or DVD in the form of a gallery or a slideshow, or a combination of the above. Some photographers provide these proofs for the client to keep, and some photographers require the client to make final print choices from the proofs and then return them or purchase them at an additional cost.
There are a wide variety of albums and manufacturers available, and photographers may provide traditional matted albums, digitally designed "coffee table" albums, contemporary flush mount albums, hardbound books, scrapbook style albums, or a combination of any of the above. Albums may be included as part of a pre-purchased package, or they may be added as an after-wedding purchase. Not all photographers provide albums; some may prefer to provide prints and/or files and let clients make their own albums.
Most photographers allow clients to purchase additional prints for themselves or their families. Many photographers now provide online sales either through galleries located on their own websites or through partnerships with other vendors. Those vendors typically host the images and provide the back end sales mechanism for the photographer; the photographer sets his or her own prices and the vendor takes a commission or charges a flat fee.
Some photographers are also including high resolution files in their packages. These photographers allow their clients limited rights to reproduce the images for their personal use, while retaining the copyright. Not all photographers release files and those who do will most likely charge a premium for them, since releasing files means giving up any after wedding print or album sales for the most part.
Photographers who do not retain copyright of the images often charge more for their services. In these cases the photographer provides the client with the digital images as part of the wedding package. The client then has unrestricted use of the images and can print any that they may desire.
This section may contain original research or unverified claims. Please improve the article by adding references. See the talk page for details. (November 2007)
A bride and groom are posed for this location shot using available lighting during the pre-twilight moments of the day due to the desirable soft lighting effects.
The wedding photography industry is home to some of the most respected names within the photography industry, some of whom were listed in PopPhoto's Top 10 Wedding Photographers in the World.[6] These figures represent the historical rise of wedding photojournalism, fashion, couture-style portraits, and all digital work-flow.
As a wedding is a one-time event, the photographer must be prepared for the unexpected. Shooting a wedding is both exhausting and invigorating as the photographer is constantly looking for good angles and opportunities for candid shots. Communication and planning time-lines before the event will alleviate many of the stresses associated with photographing a wedding. The ability to tactfully take charge also helps - particularly when photographing large groups or families - a common expectation after the ceremony. Having a run list with all of the expected shots is also a useful tool. A photographer may work with an assistant who can carry equipment, arrange guests, and assist with clothing adjustments or holding of reflectors.
Some wedding photographers have an office or studio which can double as a retail photography studio. In bigger cities, one might find dedicated wedding studios that only shoot weddings and may have large studios equipped with make-up and hair, and gowns ready for the bride to wear. Other wedding photographers work out of a home studio, preferring to photograph on location.
Organizations such as the Professional Photographers of America (PPA) and Wedding and Portrait Photographers International (WPPI) and Wedding Photojournalist Association(WPJA)support the art and business of wedding photography. Standards and requirements for professional organizations vary, but membership often indicates a photographer is insured (if they should lose or ruin a large number of images, they can compensate such errors for their clients). Professional organizations offer training, professional competition, and support to members, as well as directory services to help with marketing.
    * Indian wedding photography
18.02.15 Guest Speaker Daniel Walker-4
							by San Bernardino Valley College
Ok. It's been such a long time since I last uploaded something. Also, this is the very first photo of 2013.
In this three weeks a lot of things happened: I've been in France and England for a week; in London I met 
 and went to Tim Walker's (!!!) exhibition at Somerset House. It was just incredible, surely a beautiful life experience.
This photo itself is extremely inspired by Tim Walker's work.
On January 7th I also started a year-long project/workshop led by the amazing Sara Lando. And last but not least, I started doing exams at university.
As you can see, I've been a little busy :D
[PS: I also made an account on 
! Now I am officially a web addicted :P ]
[PPS: One of my photographic purpose this year is reaching at least 500 likes on my 
. When I'll get this, I'll probably do a print giveaway! So go like and share it!! ;) ]
Third Waterfall of Cloudland Canyon copy
Well my area and South has been hit hard with the rain. I rode to Cloudland Canyon in Northwest Georgia.  Didnt look like it had even rained up there. This is the first waterfall on the Sitton gulch trail. This is the first time I have made it down to these falls. Matthew wouldnt ever let me go down but today he is the one that made his way down, I figured if a 9 year old could do it so could I!!
First and foremost I’d like to thank my Mom and Stepdad Dr. Prof PhD not only for allowing me to pursue my life-long dream of being a sardonic and unshowered artist, but also for supporting me in every sense of the word.
Naturally I have to thank my brothers Shem and Davin – especially Davin for commissioning a $500 piece from me. Thanks, man. And Shem, you haven’t commissioned me, but you’ve been my closest friend for many, many years now. The Summer of Roseanne will always be one of my favorite summers, even though we were the saddest bastards on the block. Props to Angela and the Schnoofer, too!
Seamus Heffernan. Oh, Seamus, we started this challenge together and I finished it alone. That’s ok, you’re already too good. Plus I was able to go the rest of the way without having my hand held. Your work never ceases to amaze me and make me terribly jealous, and for that I thank you, because you make me work that much harder. Love you, man.
Kurt Hollomon! You were my very first teacher at PNCA and if it weren’t for you, I’d never have become the sketchbookaholic that I am today. Your absolute love for the sketchbook and your constant enthusiasm for life in general is the single most inspiring thing I’ve encountered in college yet.
Ravina Sniper and Corie Sanford. You have been the most wonderful roommates. You are supportive of my art, receptive to my inane chatter, and allow me to sleep wherever I please — be it couch, floor or kitchen table. Most importantly, you are kind to my Maggiemoo. Thank you for everything.
Marcus Gannuscio. I can always trust you to tell me what’s what. Thank you for everything. Here, have a pickle.
And now, I present to you a list of friends, professors, and contemporaries who – whether or not they know it – supported and impacted my work and life in a way for which I am eternally grateful:
Laurie Carter, Matt Taylor, Andy Pilarski, Asad Pervaiz, Matt Wilson, David Sax, Jim Hill, Brett Roberts, P Mark Anderson, Mia Nolting, BT Livermore, Morgan Walker, Tom Prochaska, Martin French, Barry Pelzner, Rose Bond, Ric Lanciotti, Serenity Ibsen, Doug Kelly, Michael Hall, Rachael Allen, Andy McDonald, Sara Kaltwasser, Patrick Melroy, Tess Keller, Meredith Andrews, Erin McCarty, Heidi Whipple, Mattie Ecklund, Lacey Anderson, Zoey Grossman, Lindsay De Armond, Genevieve Byrne, Daniel Williams, Karen Davison, Jen Lee, August Lipp, Jade Sheldon, Aidan Koch, Morgan Ritter, Abe & Beth, Chad Weatherford, Mike Davis, Ron Stivers, Chandrellie, Andy Beane, Mayr, Harpy, Kate & Angel of the Observatory, Tracey Campion, my students from Summer 2008 (CHICKEN WORLD!), and, of course, the love of my life, my dog, Miss Magnadoodle Mooface.
I dedicate this series to my Dad.
Fulton Street | Looking North
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Brooklyn bridge)
Jump to: navigation, search 
For other uses, see Brooklyn Bridge (disambiguation).
Carries Motor vehicles (cars only)
Elevated trains (until 1944)
Streetcars (until 1950)
Pedestrians, and bicycles 
Locale New York City (Manhattan–Brooklyn) 
Maintained by New York City Department of Transportation 
Designer John Augustus Roebling 
Design Suspension/Cable-stay Hybrid 
Total length 5,989 feet (1825 m)[1] 
Longest span 1,595 feet 6 inches (486.3 m) 
Clearance below 135 feet (41 m) at mid-span 
Daily traffic 123,781 (2008)[2] 
Coordinates 40°42′20″N 73°59′47″W﻿ / ﻿40.70569°N 73.99639°W﻿ / 40.70569; -73.99639﻿ (Brooklyn Bridge)Coordinates: 40°42′20″N 73°59′47″W﻿ / ﻿40.70569°N 73.99639°W﻿ / 40.70569; -73.99639﻿ (Brooklyn Bridge) 
U.S. National Register of Historic Places 
U.S. National Historic Landmark 
Architectural style(s): Gothic 
Added to NRHP: 1966[3] 
Designated NHL: January 29, 1964[4] 
NRHP Reference#: 75001237 
The Brooklyn Bridge is one of the oldest suspension bridges in the United States. Completed in 1883, it connects the New York City boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn by spanning the East River. With a main span of 1,595.5 feet (486.3 m), it was the longest suspension bridge in the world from its opening until 1903, and the first steel-wire suspension bridge.
Originally referred to as the New York and Brooklyn Bridge, it was dubbed the Brooklyn Bridge in a January 25, 1867 letter to the editor of the Brooklyn Daily Eagle,[5] and formally so named by the city government in 1915. Since its opening, it has become an iconic part of the New York skyline. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964[4][6][7] and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1972.[8]
2 Pedestrian and vehicular access 
2.2 100th anniversary celebrations 
2.3 125th anniversary celebrations 
3 Cultural significance 
The Brooklyn Bridge was initially designed by German immigrant John Augustus Roebling, who had previously designed and constructed shorter suspension bridges, such as Roebling's Delaware Aqueduct in Lackawaxen, Pennsylvania, and the John A. Roebling Suspension Bridge in Cincinnati, Ohio.
While conducting surveys for the bridge project, Roebling sustained a crush injury to his foot when a ferry pinned it against a piling. After amputation of his crushed toes he developed a tetanus infection which left him incapacitated and soon resulted in his death, not long after he had placed his 32 year-old son Washington Roebling in charge of the project.[9]
Washington Roebling also suffered a paralyzing injury as a result of decompression sickness shortly after the beginning of construction on January 3, 1870.[10] This condition, first called "caisson disease" by the project physician Dr. Andrew Smith, afflicted many of the workers working within the caissons.[11][12] After Roebling's debilitating condition left him unable to physically supervise the construction firsthand, his wife Emily Warren Roebling stepped in and provided the critical written link between her husband and the engineers on-site.[13] Under her husband's guidance, Emily had studied higher mathematics, the calculations of catenary curves, the strengths of materials, bridge specifications, and the intricacies of cable construction.[14][15][16] She spent the next 11 years assisting Washington Roebling helping to supervise the bridge's construction.
When iron probes underneath the caisson found the bedrock to be even deeper than expected, Roebling halted construction due to the increased risk of decompression sickness. He deemed the aggregate overlying the bedrock 30 feet (9 m) below it to be firm enough to support the tower base.[17]
The Brooklyn Bridge was completed thirteen years later and was opened for use on May 24, 1883. The opening ceremony was attended by several thousand people and many ships were present in the East Bay for the occasion. President Chester A. Arthur and New York Mayor Franklin Edson crossed the bridge to celebratory cannon fire and were greeted by Brooklyn Mayor Seth Low when they reached the Brooklyn-side tower. Arthur shook hands with Washington Roebling at the latter's home, after the ceremony. Roebling was unable to attend the ceremony (and in fact rarely visited the site again), but held a celebratory banquet at his house on the day of the bridge opening. Further festivity included the performance of a band, gunfire from ships, and a fireworks display.[18]
On that first day, a total of 1,800 vehicles and 150,300 people crossed what was then the only land passage between Manhattan and Brooklyn. Emily Warren Roebling was the first to cross the bridge. The bridge's main span over the East River is 1,595 feet 6 inches (486.3 m). The bridge cost $15.5 million to build and approximately 27 people died during its construction.[19]
One week after the opening, on May 30, 1883, a rumor that the Bridge was going to collapse caused a stampede, which crushed and killed at least twelve people.[20] On May 17, 1884, P. T. Barnum helped to squelch doubts about the bridge's stability—while publicizing his famous circus—when one of his most famous attractions, Jumbo, led a parade of 21 elephants over the Brooklyn Bridge.[21][22][23][24]
Plan of one tower for the Brooklyn Bridge, 1867At the time it opened, and for several years, it was the longest suspension bridge in the world—50% longer than any previously built — and it has become a treasured landmark. Since the 1980s, it has been floodlit at night to highlight its architectural features. The towers are built of limestone, granite, and Rosendale cement. Their architectural style is neo-Gothic, with characteristic pointed arches above the passageways through the stone towers. The paint scheme of the bridge is "Brooklyn Bridge Tan", although is has been argued that the original paint was "Rawlins Red".[25]
At the time the bridge was built, the aerodynamics of bridge building had not been worked out. Bridges were not tested in wind tunnels until the 1950s—well after the collapse of the original Tacoma Narrows Bridge (Galloping Gertie) in 1940. It is therefore fortunate that the open truss structure supporting the deck is by its nature less subject to aerodynamic problems. Roebling designed a bridge and truss system that was six times as strong as he thought it needed to be. Because of this, the Brooklyn Bridge is still standing when many of the bridges built around the same time have vanished into history and been replaced. This is also in spite of the substitution of inferior quality wire in the cabling supplied by the contractor J. Lloyd Haigh—by the time it was discovered, it was too late to replace the cabling that had already been constructed. Roebling determined that the poorer wire would leave the bridge four rather than six times as strong as necessary, so it was eventually allowed to stand, with the addition of 250 cables. Diagonal cables were installed from the towers to the deck, intended to stiffen the bridge. They turned out to be unnecessary, but were kept for their distinctive beauty.
After the collapse in 2007 of the I-35W highway bridge in the city of Minneapolis, increased public attention has been brought to bear on the condition of bridges across the US, and it has been reported that the Brooklyn Bridge approach ramps received a rating of "poor" at its last inspection.[26] According to a NYC Department of Transportation spokesman, "The poor rating it received does not mean it is unsafe. Poor means there are some components that have to be rehabilitated." A $725 million project to replace the approaches and repaint the bridge was scheduled to begin in 2009.[27]
The construction of the Brooklyn Bridge is detailed in the 1978 book The Great Bridge by David McCullough[13] and Brooklyn Bridge (1981), the first PBS documentary film ever made by Ken Burns.[28] Burns drew heavily on McCullough's book for the film and used him as narrator.[29] It is also described in Seven Wonders of the Industrial World, a BBC docudrama series with accompanying book.
[edit] Pedestrian and vehicular access
Cross section diagramAt various times, the bridge has carried horse-drawn and trolley traffic; at present, it has six lanes for motor vehicles, with a separate walkway along the centerline for pedestrians and bicycles. Due to the roadway's height (11 ft (3.4 m) posted) and weight (6,000 lb (2,700 kg) posted) restrictions, commercial vehicles and buses are prohibited from using this bridge. The two inside traffic lanes once carried elevated trains of the BMT from Brooklyn points to a terminal at Park Row via Sands Street. Streetcars ran on what are now the two center lanes (shared with other traffic) until the elevated lines stopped using the bridge in 1944, when they moved to the protected center tracks. In 1950 the streetcars also stopped running, and the bridge was rebuilt to carry six lanes of automobile traffic.
The Brooklyn Bridge is accessible from the Brooklyn entrances of Tillary/Adams Streets, Sands/Pearl Streets, and Exit 28B of the eastbound Brooklyn-Queens Expressway. In Manhattan, motor cars can enter from either direction of the FDR Drive, Park Row, Chambers/Centre Streets, and Pearl/Frankfort Streets. Pedestrian access to the bridge from the Brooklyn side is from either Tillary/Adams Streets (in between the auto entrance/exit), or a staircase on Prospect St between Cadman Plaza East and West. In Manhattan, the pedestrian walkway is accessible from the end of Centre Street, or through the unpaid south staircase of Brooklyn Bridge-City Hall IRT subway station.
View from the pedestrian walkway. The bridge's cable arrangement forms a distinct weblike pattern.The Brooklyn Bridge has a wide pedestrian walkway open to walkers and cyclists, in the center of the bridge and higher than the automobile lanes. While the bridge has always permitted the passage of pedestrians across its span, its role in allowing thousands to cross takes on a special importance in times of difficulty when usual means of crossing the East River have become unavailable.
During transit strikes by the Transport Workers Union in 1980 and 2005, the bridge was used by people commuting to work, with Mayors Koch and Bloomberg crossing the bridge as a gesture to the affected public.[30][31]
Following the 1965, 1977 and 2003 Blackouts and most famously after the September 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Center, the bridge was used by people in Manhattan to leave the city after subway service was suspended. The massive numbers of people on the bridge could not have been anticipated by the original designer, yet John Roebling designed it with three separate systems managing even unanticipated structural stresses. The bridge has a suspension system, a diagonal stay system, and a stiffening truss. "Roebling himself famously said if anything happens to one of [his] systems, 'The bridge may sag, but it will not fall.'"[32] The movement of large numbers of people on a bridge creates pedestrian oscillations or "sway" as the crowd lifts one foot after another, some falling inevitably in synchronized cadences. The natural sway motion of people walking causes small sideways oscillations in a bridge, which in turn cause people on the bridge to sway in step, increasing the amplitude of the bridge oscillations and continually reinforcing the effect. High-density traffic of this nature causes a bridge to appear to move erratically or "to wobble" as happened at opening of the London Millennium Footbridge in 2000.[33]
Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper c.1883[edit] Notable events
The first person to jump from the bridge was Robert E. Odlum on May 19, 1885. He struck the water at an angle and died shortly thereafter from internal injuries.[34] Steve Brodie was the most famous jumper, or self-proclaimed jumper (in 1886).
On June 1993, following 13 reconnoiters inside the metal structure, and with the help of a mountain guide, Thierry Devaux performed (illegally) eight acrobatic bungee jumps above the East River close to the Brooklyn pier, in the early morning. He used an electric winch between each acrobatic figure.[35]
1994 Brooklyn Bridge shooting 
Main article: Brooklyn Bridge Shooting
On March 1, 1994, Lebanese-born Rashid Baz opened fire on a van carrying members of the Chabad-Lubavitch Orthodox Jewish Movement, striking sixteen-year-old student Ari Halberstam and three others traveling on the bridge.[36] Halberstam died five days later from his wounds. Baz was apparently acting out of revenge for the Hebron massacre of 29 Muslims by Baruch Goldstein that had taken place days earlier on February 25, 1994. Baz was convicted of murder and sentenced to a 141-year prison term. After initially classifying the murder as one committed out of road rage, the Justice Department reclassified the case in 2000 as a terrorist attack. The entrance ramp to the bridge on the Manhattan side was named the Ari Halberstam Memorial Ramp in memory of the victim.[37]
In 2003, truck driver Iyman Faris was sentenced to about 20 years in prison for providing material support to Al-Qaeda, after an earlier plot to destroy the bridge by cutting through its support wires with blowtorches was thwarted through information the National Security Agency uncovered through wiretapped phone conversations and interrogation of Al-Qaeda militants.[38]
2006 bunker discovery 
In 2006, a Cold War era bunker was found by city workers near the East River shoreline of Manhattan's Lower East Side. The bunker, hidden within the masonry anchorage, still contained the emergency supplies that were being stored for a potential nuclear attack by the Soviet Union.[39]
[edit] 100th anniversary celebrations
The centennary celebrations on May 24, 1983, saw a cavalcade of cars crossing the bridge, led by President Ronald Reagan. A flotilla of ships visited the harbor, parades were held, and in the evening the sky over the bridge was illuminated by Grucci fireworks.[40] The Brooklyn Museum exhibited a selection of the original drawings made for the bridge's construction, some by Washington Roebling himself.
[edit] 125th anniversary celebrations
Beginning on May 22, 2008, festivities were held over a five-day period to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the opening of the Brooklyn Bridge. The events kicked off with a live performance of the Brooklyn Philharmonic in Empire–Fulton Ferry State Park, followed by special lighting of the bridge's towers and a fireworks display.[41] Other events held during the 125th anniversary celebrations, which coincided with the Memorial Day weekend, included a film series, historical walking tours, information tents, a series of lectures and readings, a bicycle tour of Brooklyn, a miniature golf course featuring Brooklyn icons, and other musical and dance performances.[42]
Just before the anniversary celebrations, the Telectroscope, which created a video link between New York and London, was installed on the Brooklyn side of the bridge. The installation lasted for a few weeks and permitted viewers in New York to see people looking into a matching telectroscope in front of London's Tower Bridge.[43] A newly renovated pedestrian connection to DUMBO was also unveiled before the anniversary celebrations.[44]
[edit] Cultural significance
Contemporaries marveled at what technology was capable of and the bridge became a symbol of the optimism of the time. John Perry Barlow wrote in the late 20th century of the "literal and genuinely religious leap of faith" embodied in the Brooklyn Bridge ... "the Brooklyn Bridge required of its builders faith in their ability to control technology."[45]
References to "selling the Brooklyn Bridge" abound in American culture, sometimes as examples of rural gullibility but more often in connection with an idea that strains credulity. For example, "If you believe that, I've got a bridge to sell you."[citation needed] References are often nowadays more oblique, such as "I could sell you some lovely riverside property in Brooklyn ...".[citation needed] George C. Parker and William McCloundy are two early 20th-century con-men who had (allegedly) successfully perpetrated this scam on unwitting tourists.[46] The 1949 Bugs Bunny cartoon Bowery Bugs is a joking reference to Bugs "selling" a story of the Brooklyn Bridge to a naive tourist.
In his second book The Bridge, Hart Crane begins with a poem entitled "Proem: To Brooklyn Bridge." The bridge was a source of inspiration for Crane and he owned different apartments specifically to have different views of the bridge.
^ "NYCDOT Bridges Information". New York City Department of Transportation. 
. Retrieved 2008-08-23.  
^ "New York City Bridge Traffic Volumes 2008" (PDF). New York City Department of Transportation. March 2010. p. 63. 
. Retrieved 2010-07-10.  
^ "National Register Information System". National Register of Historic Places. National Park Service. 2007-01-23. 
^ a b "Brooklyn Bridge". National Historic Landmark summary listing. National Park Service. 
^ E.P.D. (January 25, 1867). "Bridging the East River – Another Project". The Brooklyn Daily Eagle: p. 2. 
. Retrieved 2007-11-26.  
^ "The Brooklyn Bridge", February 24, 1975, by James B. Armstrong and S. Sydney Bradford "National Register of Historic Places Inventory-Nomination"]. National Park Service. 1975-02-24. 
 "The Brooklyn Bridge", February 24, 1975, by James B. Armstrong and S. Sydney Bradford].  
^ The Brooklyn Bridge—Accompanying three photos, from 1975. "National Register of Historic Places Inventory-Nomination"]. National Park Service. 1975-02-24. 
 The Brooklyn Bridge—Accompanying three photos, from 1975.].  
^ "Brooklyn Bridge". ASCE Metropolitan Section. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-30.  
^ "THE BUILDING OF THE BRIDGE.; ITS COST AND THE DIFFICULTIES MET WITH-- DETAILS OF THE HISTORY OF A GREAT ENGINEERING TRIUMPH.". The New York Times. May 24, 1883. 
. Retrieved 2009-10-27.  
^ Butler WP (2004). "Caisson disease during the construction of the Eads and Brooklyn Bridges: A review". Undersea Hyperb Med 31 (4): 445–59. PMID 15686275. 
. Retrieved 2008-06-19.  
^ Smith, Andrew Heermance (1886). The Physiological, Pathological and Therapeutical Effects of Compressed Air. Detroit: George S. Davis. 
. Retrieved 2009-04-17.  
^ Acott, Chris (1999). "A brief history of diving and decompression illness.". South Pacific Underwater Medicine Society journal 29 (2). ISSN 0813-1988. OCLC 16986801. 
. Retrieved 2009-04-17.  
^ a b Amazon.com: The Great Bridge: The Epic Story of the Building of the Brooklyn Bridge: J'aime Drisdelle: Books 
^ Weigold, Marilyn (1984). Silent Builder: Emily Warren Roebling and the Brooklyn Bridge. Associated Faculty Press.  
^ McCullough, David (1983). The Great Bridge: The Epic Story of the Building of the Brooklyn Bridge. New York: Simon & Schuster. p. 421.  
^ "Emily Warren Roebling". American Society of Civil Engineers. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-30.  
^ "GlassSteelandStone: Brooklyn Bridge-tower rests on sand". 
. Retrieved 2007-02-20.  
^ Reeves, Thomas C. (1975). Gentleman Boss. New York: Alfred A. Knopf. pp. 359–360. ISBN 0-394-46095-2.  
^ "Brooklyn Daily Eagle 1841–1902 Online". Archived from the original on 2007-11-14. 
. Retrieved 2007-11-23.  
^ "Dead on the New Bridge; Fatal Crush at the Western Approach". The New York Times. May 31, 1883. 
. Retrieved 2010-02-20.  
^ Bildner, Phil (2004). Twenty-One Elephants. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0689870116.  
^ Prince, April Jones (2005). Twenty-One Elephants and Still Standing. Boston: Houghton Mifflin. ISBN 061844887X.  
^ "P.T. Barnum – MSN Encarta". Archived from the original on 2009-10-31. 
^ Strausbaugh, John (November 9, 2007). "When Barnum Took Manhattan". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2008-09-21.  
^ Gary Buiso, New York Post (May 25, 2010). "A True Cover Up. Brooklyn Bridge Paint Job Glosses over History". 
. Retrieved October 23, 2010.  
^ Chan, Sewell (August 2, 2007). "Brooklyn Bridge Is One of 3 With Poor Rating". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2007-09-10.  
^ "Brooklyn Bridge called 'safe' – DOT says span is okay despite getting a 'poor' rating". Courier-Life Publications. 
. Retrieved 2007-08-12.  
^ Burns, Ken. "Why I Decided to Make Brooklyn Bridge". Public Broadcasting Service. 
. Retrieved 2010-02-20.  
^ "Burns, Ken – U.S. Documentary Film Maker". The Museum of Broadcast Communications. 
. Retrieved 2010-02-20.  
^ Quindlen, Anna (April 2, 1980). "Koch Faces Day Ebulliently; He Looks Well Rested". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-30.  
^ Rutenberg, Jim (December 21, 2005). "On Foot, on Bridge and at City Hall, Bloomberg Is Irate". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-30.  
^ Julavits, Robert (August 26, 2003). "Point of Collapse". The Village Voice. 
. Retrieved 2010-02-20.  
^ Steven Henry, Strogatz (2003). Sync: The Emerging Science of Spontaneous Order. New York: Hyperion. pp. 174–175, 312, 320. ISBN 0786868449.  
^ "Odlum's Leap to Death". The New York Times: p. 1. May 20, 1885. 
. Retrieved 2008-04-15.  
^ "Brooklyn Bridge". SunnyDream. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-25.  
^ Sexton, Joe (March 2, 1994). "4 Hasidic Youths Hurt in Brooklyn Bridge Shooting". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-30.  
^ "In Memoriam". Ari Halberstam Memorial Site. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-30.  
^ "Iyman Faris". GlobalSecurity.org. 
. Retrieved 2010-06-30.  
^ Lovgren, Stefan (March 24, 2006). "Cold War "Time Capsule" Found in Brooklyn Bridge". National Geographic. 
. Retrieved 2010-02-20.  
^ NYC Roads. "The Brooklyn Bridge". 
. Retrieved October 23, 2010.  
^ Burke, Kerry; Hutchinson, Bill (May 23, 2008). "Brooklyn Bridge turns 125 with a bang". Daily News (New York). 
. Retrieved 2009-08-01.  
^ "Brooklyn Bridge 125th Anniversary Celebration". ASCE Metropolitan Section. 
. Retrieved 2009-08-01.  
^ Ryzik, Melena (May 21, 2008). "Telescope Takes a Long View, to London". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2009-08-01.  
^ Farmer, Ann (May 21, 2008). "This Way to Brooklyn, This Way". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2009-08-01.  
^ Cultural Significance 
^ Cohen, Gabriel (November 27, 2005). "For You, Half Price". The New York Times. 
. Retrieved 2010-02-20.  
[edit] Further reading
Cadbury, Deborah. (2004), Dreams of Iron and Steel. New York: HarperCollins. ISBN 0-00-716307-X 
Haw, Richard. (2005). The Brooklyn Bridge: A Cultural History. New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press. ISBN 0-8135-3587-5 
Haw, Richard. (2008). Art of the Brooklyn Bridge: A Visual History. New York: Routledge. ISBN 0-415-95386-3 
McCullough, David. (1972). The Great Bridge. New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-671-21213-3 
Strogatz, Steven. (2003). Sync: The Emerging Science of Spontaneous Order. New York: Hyperion books. 10-ISBN 0-7868-6844-9; 13-ISBN 978-0-7868-6844-5 (cloth) [2nd ed., Hyperion, 2004. 10-ISBN 0-7868-8721-4; 13-ISBN 978-0-7868-8721-7 (paper)] 
Strogartz, Steven, Daniel M. Abrams, Allan McRobie, Bruno Eckhardt, and Edward Ott. et al. (2005). "Theoretical mechanics: Crowd synchrony on the Millennium Bridge," Nature, Vol. 438, pp, 43–44.link to Nature articleMillennium Bridge opening day video illustrating "crowd synchrony" oscillations 
Trachtenberg, Alan. (1965). Brooklyn Bridge: Fact and Symbol. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0226811158 [2nd ed., 1979, ISBN 0-226-81115-8 (paper)] 
[edit] External links
 Wikimedia Commons has media related to: Brooklyn Bridge 
360° Interactive panorama from the top of the Brooklyn Bridge 
The Brooklyn Bridge: A Study in Greatness 
NYCroads.com – Brooklyn Bridge 
Transportation Alternatives Fiboro Bridges – Brooklyn Bridge 
The story of Brooklyn Bridge – by CBS Forum 
Panorama of Brooklyn Bridge 1899 – Extreme Photo Constructions 
Structurae: Brooklyn Bridge 
Great Buildings entry for the Brooklyn Bridge 
American Society of Civil Engineers 
Railroad Extra – Brooklyn Bridge and its Railway 
Images of the Brooklyn Bridge from the Brooklyn Museum 
Brooklyn Bridge Photo Gallery with a Flash VR 360 of the Brooklyn Bridge Pedestrian Walkway 
Opening Ceremonies of the New York and Brooklyn Bridge, May 24, 1883 at Project Gutenberg 
Brooklyn Bridge at Historical Marker Database 
A Walk Through The Forest. Entwistle Reservoir.
A black and white photograph taken at Cadshaw Brook, Entwistle, Bolton.
You can buy this photo as a canvas print, framed print, art print, acrylic print, metal print or greeting card!
You can also buy as a phone case or pillow @ 
18.02.15 Guest Speaker Daniel Walker-3
							by San Bernardino Valley College
The organ at Kongsberg Church was built during the years 1760 to 1765 by Gottfried Heinrich Gloger, who worked as an organ builder and organist in Norway from the end of the 1730s until his death in 1779. As an independent builder, he was responsible for the following organs:
* Church of the Cross (Bergen) 1738
* Church of the virgin Mary (Bergen) 1739
* Kristiansand Cathedral 1747
* Bergen Cathedral 1749
* Kongsberg Church 1765
* Stiklestad Church 1776 
Towards the end of the 1760s Gloger agreed to build a new organ for Our Lady Church in Trondheim, but due to other commissions and to economic difficulties, he was not able to start work at Our Lady in time, so the contract was instead given to Johann Daniel Busch from Itzehoe in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Of the organs listed above, only the Kongsberg organ remains today.
Originally, the contract for the Kongsberg organ specified a 3 manual and pedal instrument with 35 stops. However, the plans were altered so that the organ was finally built with 42 stops. Because of this and other alterations to the contract, the organ was not finished within 2 years, as set forth in the contract. The work probably proceeded without problems until 1763, but then Gloger's wife died. After this, he struggled with health problems and debts.
According to the contract, Gloger was to be paid 2200 Riksdaler (obsolete currency unit) for the organ. This price was in fact set far too low. Gloger had been put under heavy pressure during the negotiations, in terms of the cost of the instrument as well as the duration of the construction period. In addition, as mentioned above, he was pressured by the church authorities to provide a larger instrument than specified in the contract. Even though opinions about the organ were somewhat divided when it was finished, the church authorities had to acknowledge that the organ was worth a great deal more than the agreed 2200 Riksdaler. After negotiations, Gloger was finally paid 4000 Riksdaler for his work.
In the 1860s the organ was restored by Paul Christian Brantzeg, who was a pupil of the organ builder Peter Adolph Albrechtsen. Brantzeg had studied and worked with the important organ builders Cavaillé-Coll in Paris, and W. Hill and J. W. Walker in London before setting up as an independent builder in Norway. Shortly after this restoration the organ was seriously damaged by water during a fire in the church loft. In 1890 a new organ was built for the church by the German builder Albert Hollenbach, but the Gloger organ still remained in its gallery directly above the altar.
In 1932 a new restoration of the Gloger organ was funded by a generous donation. This time the work was done by J. H. Jørgensen's Organ Factory. But even though the intention was to restore the instrument, the result was a new instrument with electrical action and 58 stops behind Gloger's old facade. Contemporary views on the matter were in fact divided. On one side, the antiquarian authorities, the Antiquarian Society and the well-known and respected organ expert Olaf Platou wanted an "archaeological restoration". On the other side, the director of music at Oslo Cathedral, Arild Sandvold, who was the consultant for the Kongsberg restoration, and Jørgensen, wanted to modernize the instrument. In the end, one of Jørgensen's plans, with an addendum by Sandvold, was approved by the authorities. The parts of the organ that were removed during the 1932 restoration were placed in storage.
Due to serious faults in the electrical systems, the organ was deemed a fire hazard in 1994 and was taken out of use. It has now been restored by the internationally renowned expert Jürgen Ahrend, who also was responsible for the very successful restoration of the Wagner organ at Nidaros Cathedral, Trondheim. The Gloger organ at Kongsberg was reinaugurated in January 2001.
New York 2016 - Ground Zero
The National September 11 Memorial & Museum (also known as the 9/11 Memorial and 9/11 Memorial Museum) are the principal memorial and museum, respectively. They commemorate the September 11, 2001 attacks, which killed 2,977 victims, and the World Trade Center bombing of 1993, which killed six.[4] The memorial is located at the World Trade Center site, the former location of the Twin Towers, which were destroyed during the September 11 attacks. It is operated by a non-profit corporation whose mission is to raise funds for, program, own, and operate the memorial and museum at the World Trade Center site.
A memorial was planned in the immediate aftermath of the attacks and destruction of the World Trade Center for the victims including those involved in rescue operations.[5] The winner of the World Trade Center Site Memorial Competition was Israeli architect Michael Arad of Handel Architects, a New York- and San Francisco-based firm. Arad worked with landscape-architecture firm Peter Walker and Partners on the design, a forest of trees with two square pools in the center where the Twin Towers stood.[6] In August 2006, the World Trade Center Memorial Foundation and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey began heavy construction on the memorial and museum.[7] The design is consistent with the original Daniel Libeskind master plan, which called for the memorial to be 30 feet (9.1 m) below street level—originally 70 feet (21 m)—in a plaza, and was the only finalist to disregard Libeskind's requirement that the buildings overhang the footprints of the Twin Towers. The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation was renamed the National September 11 Memorial & Museum in 2007.[8]
On September 11, 2011, a dedication ceremony commemorating the tenth anniversary of the attacks was held at the memorial. It opened to the public the following day
no subo mas fotos nuevas
No subo mas fotos para
qe las lindas no me las roben
el o la q qiera saber de mi soi puro facebook xd 
romina daniela araya walker 
romina daniela walker araya
18.02.15 Guest Speaker Daniel Walker-1
							by San Bernardino Valley College
THE ANCIENT LANGUAGE OF SOUNDS AND SIGNS
725 Harrison Avenue, Suite One
Haggai Cohen Milo    (bass)            
Amir Milstein  (flute)
Jamey Haddad  (percussion)         
A very special evening of improvised music and dance featuring musicians Haggai Cohen Milo (bass) and Amir Milstein (flute) and movement artists Olivier Besson, Ellen Godena and Liz Roncka.
Olivier Besson - Movement Artist - is an improvisational movement artist who hails from France and is based in Boston. In the period from 1980 until the mid 90's, Olivier studied Contact Improvisation with Robin Feld, Nancy Stark Smith, Lisa Nelson and Andrew Harwood, and Improvisation / Real Time composition with Daniel Lepkoff and Julyen Hamilton. During that time, he also practiced and performed Bugaku (Court dance from Japan) with Arawana Hayashi. Other training includes Butoh with Maureen Feming and Action Theater with Ruth Zaporah.
Most notably, Olivier’s work has been presented: *in the US - at Dance Theatre Workshop (NYC), Judson Church (NYC), New York Improvisation festival, Walker Art Centre (Minneapolis), Boston Dance Umbrella, Florida Dance Festival, Dance Place (Washington DC), The Boston Conservatory, Boston University, Radford University (Virginia), *and internationally - at the National Institute of the Arts (Taipei, Taiwan), Die Pratze (Tokyo), Art of Movement Festival (Yaroslav, Russia), Micadanses (Paris) and with Compagnie Vertige (Nice, France). He has collaborated with many individuals including Chris Aiken, Lisa Schmidt, Debra Bluth, Ming-Shen Ku, Pamela Newell, Toshiko Oiwa and musicians/composers Mike Vargas, Peter Jones, Jane Wang and Grant Smith. Locally, he has guest danced for Dawn Kramer, Micki Taylor-Pinney and Diane Noya. His ongoing performance projects involve collaborations with Liz Roncka in Boston and Emmanuelle Pepin in Nice (France) .
Olivier is currently on faculty at The Boston Conservatory (dance division). He has been on faculty at Canal Danse (Paris), the French National Circus School (CNAC), Bates Dance Festival, Emerson College and the School of Fine Arts at Boston Universtity. He has taught residencies at the National Institute of the Arts (Taipei, Taiwan), Le Centre Choregraphique de Danse / Daniel Larieu (Tours, France), the University of Minnesota, and Radford University (Virginia). He has also taught masterclasses for teen / pre-teen programs at Walnut Hill, Cambridge School of Weston, Jeanette Neil Dance Studios, Brookline High and Cambridge Rindge and Latin. 
Haggai Cohen Milo - At the young age of 25, bass player and composer Haggai Cohen Milo  is already a known name in the international music scene. Mr. Cohen Milo, currently operating from Berkeley, CA, brings exotic flavors to his music from his native middle east country, Israel. In both his compositions and in his playing, there is a contemporary mix of sound between East and West. His group the Secret Music Project, that features his personal musical sound and vision, has performed in some of the most important festivals around the world including the Aspen Music Festival, the Atlantic Jazz Festival (Canada), Boston First Night and many more.   
Mr. Cohen-Milo first gained international recognition when he won the First Prize in the International Ensemble Competition in Belgium 2006. In the same year, Cohen Milo was also awarded the DownBeat Magazine Music Awards and the grand prize at the Fish Middleton Jazz Soloist Competition held in Washington, DC. 
As a Composer, Cohen Milo has composed the score for two full enough feature films,  Intimate Enemies (2008), by the internationally known Mexican director Fernando Sariñana and SPAM (2009) by the director Charlie Gore. Cohen Milo released his debut album in January 2007 under the prestigious record label “Fresh Sound - New Talent”. The album received enthusiastic reviews in the US and in Europe. Cohen Milo also recorded with different artists for Warner Music, Sunnyside Records and more. 
With a fast growing touring career, Cohen Milo has already performed on some of the most important stages around the world, including Carnegie Hall and Birdland (New York), Getxo International Jazz Festival (Spain), The Jazz Station (Belgium) and Rome Music Festival (Italy), to name a few. 
Cohen Milo graduated in 2009 from the prestigious New England Conservatory of Music in Boston where he studied with such masters as Danilo Perez, Bob Moses, Jamey Hadad and Jerry Bergonzi.  
"... Haggai Cohen Milo revealed over a set of ridiculously infectious music that he's in the soul restoration business. Yessiree. He is!" (Graham Pilsworth, "The Coast", Canada)
Amir Milstein - Flutist and composer - is a graduate of the "Rubin Academy of Music" in Jerusalem (B.M. in jazz and classical flute), and the New England Conservatory (Masters degree in music performance, 2010) Amir established his career in the world-music scene founding acknowledged ensembles such as Bustan Abraham and Tucan Trio with which he has recorded and performed worldwide.
His musical background represents a variety of styles and cultures including classical, jazz, Mediterranean and Latin. He has collaborated with artists such as Zakir Hussein, Tito Puente, Ross Daly, Omar Farouk Tekbilek and Armando Macedo, among others and has participated in distinguished concert venues and festivals, both as a player and a composer.
He has collaborated with several choreographers, with whom he has composed for modern and flamenco dance groups and has composed and recorded several film scores. (His recent work on the documentary film "The Case for Israel- Democracy's Outpost" is currently presented at film festivals worldwide).  Amir played in musical shows in the Israeli television and has collaborated and recorded numerous albums with Israel's leading artists, such as Matti Caspi, Shlomo Gronich, Gidi Gov, Miki Gavrielov, Leah Shabbat, and many others.
With over twenty years of experience teaching flute, recorders and music theory, Amir developed a unique musical education program and has instructed at the "Karev Music Educational Program" in Israel. He currently teaches at the New England Conservatory, Boston, and has lectured and presented workshops at music schools such as the Berklee College of music, Boston and Berkeley University, CA. Before moving to Boston, in 2004 Amir was also a faculty member at the "Hed College of Contemporary Music" in Tel Aviv, Israel. Amir presents an interactive workshop for schools and colleges  called: "A World of Flutes"- Introducing the evolution of woodwinds through live music, stories, and a demonstration of over 80 musical instruments. 
Ellen Godena - Movement Artist - is an experimental performer, choreographer, and Mobius Artists Group member. Her recent work has focused on the relationships between human, non-human (organic), and machine (non-organic) movement as a method for studying human development. Recent solo and collaborative works have been quests to define these relationships through the use of primitive, robotic entities in performance.  
Ellen’s training, artistic influences and inspiration derive from the study of Japanese avant-garde movement and theater forms that have developed since the early 1960’s, primarily the butoh dances created by Japanese artists Kazuo Ohno and Tatsumi Hijikata, physical theater, and contemporary dance. Since 1998, she has performed solo, group, and ensemble work in Boston, Philadelphia, Providence, and New York City. She was a former dancer with the Boston-based Kitsune Dance Theater (2003-06) under the direction of Deborah Butler, and the NYC post-modern butoh troupe, the Vangeline Theater (2006-08) under the direction of Vangeline. She has performed with Master butoh artist Katsura Kan (Curious Fish, 2002, 2008), and has studied with internationally recognized artists such as Zack Fuller, Hiroko Tamano, Su-En, Diego Pinon, and Katsura Kan. Her primary, long-term training has been with American artists Deborah Butler, Vangeline, and Jennifer Hicks. Currently, Ellen is presenting solo robotics – movement projects in addition to performing regularly with Liz Roncka's Real-Time Performance Project in Boston, MA. She holds a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from the Rhode Island School of Design in Studio Painting (1997), and a Master's degree in Human Development and Psychology from Harvard University (2005).
Liz Roncka - Movement Artist - is an avid practitioner of movement improvisation and contemporary dance.  She is the director of lizroncka/Real-Time Performance Project,a Mobius Artists Group member  and a collaborating artist with Emma Jupe, a Paris-based improvisation collective. Her work has been presented in Boston, NYC, San Francisco, Budapest and Paris.
Liz's early training was in the tradition of classical ballet at the School of the New Bedford Ballet.  In college, Liz’s focus shifted toward contemporary dance and improvisation.  She was a member of the Dance Collective of Boston from 1998-2005.  Liz has had the pleasure of performing modern dance and improvisational work under the direction of:  Ramelle Adams, Emily Beattie, Ruth Benson-Levin, Debra Bluth, Alissa Cardone, Sean Curran,Ellen Godena, Andrew Harwood, Michael Jahoda/White Box Project, Dawn Kramer, Light Motion, Karen Murphy-Fitch and Micki Taylor-Pinney.
Much of Liz's work is developed in deep collaboration with sound artists, most notably Jane Wang, Haggai Cohen Milo, Jessyka Luzzi, Sean Frenette and Akili Jamal Haynes.  Current projects include an improvisational duo with Forbes Graham (trumpet) and an collaboration with Philippe Lejeune (visual artist) developing a movement piece within a glass installation exploring the intersection of reality and reflected images. For more information please see:
HAS THE VENICE BIENNALE  of Okwui Enwezor ANYTHING TO DO WITH CURENT THINGS and ULTRACONTEMPORARY ?
							by Emergency Room Thierry Geoffroy / Colonel
WARM UP for COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE
The COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE will be done in 3 platforms
the parliament is platform 2
Artist have to express closer to decision makers . in time , in the NOW
a presentation of COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE will be done at the Venice Biennale 2015 ---
check date and place here 
COPENHAGEN ULTRACONTEMPORARY BIENNALE
meanwhile during Venice Biennale  contemporary art will be shown by
ABBOUD, Jumana Emil .ABDESSEMED, Adel .ABONNENC, Mathieu Kleyebe
ABOUNADDARA.ACHOUR, Boris ADKINS, Terry AFIF, Saâdane
AKERMAN, Chantal AKOMFRAH, John AKPOKIERE, Karo
AL SOLH, Mounira ALGÜN RINGBORG, Meriç ALLORA, Jennifer & CALZADILLA, Guillermo
ATAMAN, Kutlug BAJEVIC, Maja BALLESTEROS, Ernesto
BALOJI, Sammy BARBA, Rosa
BASELITZ, Georg BASUALDO, Eduardo BAUER, Petra
BESHTY, Walead BHABHA, Huma BOLTANSKI, Christian
BONVICINI, Monica BOYCE, Sonia
BOYD, Daniel BREY, Ricardo BROODTHAERS, Marcel BRUGUERA, Tania
BURGA, Teresa CALHOUN, Keith & McCORMICK, Chandra CAO, Fei
CHAMEKH, Nidhal CHERNYSHEVA, Olga CHUNG, Tiffany
COOPERATIVA CRÁTER INVERTIDO CREATIVE TIME SUMMIT
DAMIANI, Elena DELLER, Jeremy DJORDAJDZE, Thea DUMAS, Marlene
E-FLUX JOURNAL EDWARDS, Melvin EFFLATOUN, Inji EHMANN, Antje & FAROCKI, Harun
EICHHORN, Maria EVANS, Walker FAROCKI, Harun FLOYD, Emily
FRIEDL, Peter FUSCO, Coco FUSINATO, Marco
GAINES, Charles GALLAGHER, Ellen GALLARDO, Ana GARCIA, Dora
GATES, Theaster GENZKEN, Isa GLUKLYA GOMES, Sônia GROSSE, Katharina
GULF LABOR GURSKY, Andreas HAACKE, Hans
HADJITHOMAS, Joana & JOREIGE, Khalil HARRY, Newell HASSAN, Kay
HIRSCHHORN, Thomas HÖLLER, Carsten HOLT, Nancy & SMITHSON, Robert
IM, Heung Soon INVISIBLE BORDERS: Trans-African Photographers ISHIDA, Tetsuya
JI, Dachun JULIEN, Isaac K., Hiwa KAMBALU, Samson KIM, Ayoung
KLUGE, Alexander KNGWARREYE, Emily Kame LAGOMARSINO, Runo LEBER, Sonia & CHESWORTH, David
LIGON, Glenn MABUNDA, Gonçalo MADHUSUDHANAN MAHAMA, Ibrahim
MALJKOVIC, David MAN, Victor MANSARAY, Abu Bakarr MARKER, Chris
MARSHALL, Kerry James MARTEN, Helen MAURI, Fabio McQUEEN, Steve
MOHAIEMEN, Naeem MORAN, Jason MÜLLER, Ivana MUNROE, Lavar MURILLO, Oscar
MUTU, Wangechi NAM, Hwayeon NAUMAN, Bruce NDIAYE, Cheikh NICOLAI, Olaf
OFILI, Chris OGBOH, Emeka PARRENO, Philippe PASCALI, Pino PIPER, Adrian
PONIFASIO, Lemi QIU, Zhijie RAISSNIA, Raha RAQS MEDIA COLLECTIVE
(NARULA, Monica; BAGCHI, Jeebesh; SENGUPTA, Shuddhabrata) REYNAUD-DEWAR, Lili
RIDNYI, Mykola ROBERTS, Liisa ROTTENBERG, Mika SCHÖNFELDT, Joachim SELMANI, Massinissa
SENGHOR, Fatou Kand SHETTY, Prasad & GUPTE, Rupal SIBONY, Gedi
SIMMONS, Gary SIMON, Taryn SIMPSON, Lorna SMITHSON, Robert SUBOTZKY, Mikhael
SUHAIL, Mariam SZE, Sarah THE PROPELLER GROUPthe TOMORROW
TIRAVANIJA, Rirkrit TOGUO, Barthélémy XU, Bing YOUNIS, Ala
Albanian Trilogy: A Series of Devious Stratagems
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Curator: Marco Scotini. Deputy Curator: Andris Brinkmanis. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Commissioner: Henry Périer. Deputy Commissioner: Joana Baygual, Sebastià Petit, Francesc Rodríguez
Curator: Paolo de Grandis, Josep M. Ubach. Venue: Spiazzi, Castello 3865
On Ways of Travelling
António Ole, Binelde Hyrcan, Délio Jasse, Francisco Vidal, Nelo Teixeira
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture, Rita Guedes Tavares. Curator: António Ole. Deputy Curator: Antonia Gaeta. Venue: Conservatorio Benedetto Marcello - Palazzo Pisani, San Marco 2810
Juan Carlos Diste´fano
Commissioner: Magdalena Faillace. Curator: Mari´a Teresa Constantin. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Armenity / Haiyutioun
Haig Aivazian, Lebanon; Nigol Bezjian, Syria/USA; Anna Boghiguian Egypt/Canada; Hera Büyüktasçiyan, Turkey; Silvina Der-Meguerditchian, Argentina/Germany; Rene Gabri & Ayreen Anastas, Iran/Palestine/USA; Mekhitar Garabedian, Belgium; Aikaterini Gegisian, Greece; Yervant Gianikian & Angela Ricci Lucchi, Italy; Aram Jibilian, USA; Nina Katchadourian, USA/Finland; Melik Ohanian, France; Mikayel Ohanjanyan, Armenia/Italy; Rosana Palazyan, Brazil; Sarkis, Turkey/France; Hrair Sarkissian, Syria/UK
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture of the Republic of Armenia. Deputy Commissioner: Art for the World, Mekhitarist Congregation of San Lazzaro Island,  Embassy of the Republic of Armenia in Italy, Vartan Karapetian. Curator: Adelina Cüberyan von Fürstenberg. Venue: Monastery and Island of San Lazzaro degli Armeni
Fiona Hall: Wrong Way Time
Commissioner: Simon Mordant AM. Deputy Commissioner: Charles Green. Curator: Linda Michael. Scientific Committee: Simon Mordant AM, Carolyn Christov-Bakargiev, Max Delany, Rachel Kent, Danie Mellor, Suhanya Raffel, Leigh Robb. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Yilmaz Dziewior. Curator: Yilmaz Dziewior. Scientific Committee: Friends of the Venice Biennale. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
 AZERBAIJAN, Republic of
Ashraf Murad, Javad Mirjavadov, Tofik Javadov, Rasim Babayev, Fazil Najafov, Huseyn Hagverdi, Shamil Najafzada
Commissioner: Heydar Aliyev Foundation. Curators: de Pury de Pury, Emin Mammadov. Venue: Palazzo Lezze, Campo S.Stefano, San Marco 2949
Edward Burtynsky, Mircea Cantor, Loris Cecchini, Gordon Cheung, Khalil Chishtee, Tony Cragg, Laura Ford, Noemie Goudal, Siobhán Hapaska, Paul Huxley, IDEA laboratory and Leyla Aliyeva, Chris Jordan with Rebecca Clark and Helena S.Eitel, Tania Kovats, Aida Mahmudova, Sayyora Muin, Jacco Olivier, Julian Opie, Julian Perry, Mike Perry, Bas Princen, Stephanie Quayle, Ugo Rondinone, Graham Stevens, Diana Thater, Andy Warhol, Bill Woodrow, Erwin Wurm, Rose Wylie
Commissioner: Heydar Aliyev Foundation. Curators: Artwise: Susie Allen, Laura Culpan, Dea Vanagan. Venue: Ca’ Garzoni, San Marco 3416
Commissioner: Natallia Sharanhovich. Deputy Commissioners: Alena Vasileuskaya, Kamilia Yanushkevich. Curators: Aleksei Shinkarenko, Olga Rybchinskaya. Scientific Committee:  Dmitry Korol, Daria Amelkovich, Julia Kondratyuk, Sergei Jeihala, Sheena Macfarlane, Yuliya Heisik, Hanna Samarskaya, Taras Kaliahin, Aliaksandr Stasevich. Venue: Riva San Biagio, Castello 2145
Personnes et les autres
Vincent Meessen and Guests, Mathieu K. Abonnenc, Sammy Baloji, James Beckett, Elisabetta Benassi, Patrick Bernier & Olive Martin, Tamar Guimara~es & Kasper Akhøj, Maryam Jafri, Adam Pendleton
Commissioner: Wallonia-Brussels Federation and Wallonia-Brussels International. Curator: Katerina Gregos. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
"Costa Rica, Paese di pace, invita a un linguaggio universale d'intesa tra i popoli".
Andrea Prandi, Beatrice Gallori, Beth Parin, Biagio Schembari, Carla Castaldo, Celestina Avanzini, Cesare Berlingeri, Erminio Tansini, Fabio Capitanio, Fausto Beretti, Giovan Battista Pedrazzini, Giovanni Lamberti, Giovanni Tenga, Iana Zanoskar, Jim Prescott, Leonardo Beccegato, Liliana Scocco, Lucia Bolzano, Marcela Vicuna, Marco Bellagamba, Marco Lodola, Maria Gioia dell’Aglio, Mario Bernardinello, Massimo Meucci, Nacha Piattini, Omar Ronda, Renzo Eusebi, Tita Patti, Romina Power, Rubens Fogacci, Silvio di Pietro, Stefano Sichel, Tino Stefanoni, Ufemia Ritz, Ugo Borlenghi, Umberto Mariani, Venere Chillemi, Jacqueline Gallicot Madar, Massimo Onnis, Fedora Spinelli
Commissioner: Ileana Ordonez Chacon. Curator: Gregorio Rossi. Venue: Palazzo Bollani
Studies on Shivering: The Third Degree
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Curator: Marc Bembekoff. Venue: Palazzo Pisani, S. Marina
El artista entre la individualidad y el contexto
Lida Abdul, Celia-Yunior, Grethell Rasúa, Giuseppe Stampone, LinYilin, Luis Edgardo Gómez Armenteros, Olga Chernysheva, Susana Pilar Delahante Matienzo
Commissioner: Miria Vicini. Curators: Jorge Fernández Torres, Giacomo Zaza. Venue: San Servolo Island
Two Days After Forever
Christodoulos Panayiotou 
Commissioner: Louli Michaelidou. Deputy Commissioner: Angela Skordi. Curator: Omar Kholeif. Deputy Curator: Daniella Rose King. Venue: Palazzo Malipiero, Sestiere San Marco 3079
 CZECH Republic and SLOVAK Republic
Commissioner: Adam Budak. Deputy Commissioner: Barbara Holomkova. Curator: Katarina Rusnakova. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Gold Water: Apocalyptic Black Mirrors
Maria Veronica Leon Veintemilla in collaboration with Lucia Vallarino Peet
Commissioner: Andrea Gonzàlez Sanchez. Deputy Commissioner: PDG Arte Communications. Curator: Ileana Cornea. Deputy Curator: Maria Veronica Leon Veintemilla. Venue: Istituto Santa Maria della Pietà, Castello 3701
NSFW. From the Abyss of History
Commissioner: Maria Arusoo. Curator: Eugenio Viola. Venue: Palazzo Malipiero, campo San Samuele, San Marco 3199
Ahmed Abdel Fatah, Gamal Elkheshen, Maher Dawoud
Commissioner: Hany Al Ashkar. Curator: Ministry of Culture. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini 
FINLAND (Pavilion Alvar Aalto)
Commissioner: Frame Visual Art Finland, Raija Koli. Curator: Taru Elfving. Deputy Curator: Anna Virtanen. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Institut français, with Ministère de la Culture et de la Communication. Curator: Emma Lavigne. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Rusudan Gobejishvili Khizanishvili, Irakli Bluishvili, Dimitri Chikvaidze, Joseph Sabia
Commissioner: Ana Riaboshenko. Curator: Nia Mgaloblishvili. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Jasmina Metwaly / Philip Rizk, Olaf Nicolai, Hito Steyerl, Tobias Zielony
Commissioner: ifa (Institut für Auslandsbeziehungen) on behalf of the Federal Foreign Office. Deputy Commissioner: Elke aus dem Moore, Nina Hülsmeier. Curator: Florian Ebner. Deputy Curator: Tanja Milewsky, Ilina Koralova. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Emma Dexter. Curator: Richard Riley. Deputy Curator: Katrina Schwarz. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Oliver Benoit, Maria McClafferty, Asher Mains, Francesco Bosso and Carmine Ciccarini, Guiseppe Linardi
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Deputy Commissioner: Susan Mains. Curator: Susan Mains. Deputy Curator: Francesco Elisei. Venue: Opera don Orione Artigianelli, Sala Tiziano, Fondamenta delle Zattere ai Gesuati, Dorsoduro 919
Why Look at Animals? AGRIMIKÁ.
Commissioner: Hellenic Ministry of Culture, Education and Religious Affairs. Curator: Gabi Scardi. Deputy Curator: Alexios Papazacharias. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
So much that it doesn't fit here
Antonio Manuel, André Komatsu, Berna Reale
Commissioner: Luis Terepins. Curator: Luiz Camillo Osorio. Deputy Curator: Cauê Alves. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: National Gallery of Canada, Marc Mayer. Deputy Commissioner: National Gallery of Canada, Yves Théoret. Curator: Marie Fraser. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Poéticas de la disidencia | Poetics of dissent: Paz Errázuriz - Lotty Rosenfeld
Paz Errázuriz, Lotty Rosenfeld
Commissioner: Antonio Arèvalo. Deputy Commissioner: Juan Pablo Vergara Undurraga. Curator: Nelly Richard. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale  - Artiglierie
 CHINA, People’s Republic of
LIU Jiakun, LU Yang, TAN Dun, WEN Hui/Living Dance Studio, WU Wenguang/Caochangdi Work Station
Commissioner: China Arts and Entertainment Group, CAEG. Deputy Commissioners: Zhang Yu, Yan Dong. Curator: Beijing Contemporary Art Foundation. Scientific Committee: Fan Di’an, Zhang Zikang, Zhu Di, Gao Shiming, Zhu Qingsheng, Pu Tong, Shang Hui. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Giardino delle Vergini
Emma Anticoli Borza, Sabrina Bertolelli, Mariadolores Castellanos, Max Leiva, Pier Domenico Magri, Adriana Montalto, Elmar Rojas (Elmar René Rojas Azurdia), Paolo Schmidlin, Mónica Serra, Elsie Wunderlich, Collettivo La Grande Bouffe
Commissioner: Daniele Radini Tedeschi. Curators: Stefania Pieralice, Carlo Marraffa, Elsie Wunderlich. Deputy Curators: Luciano Carini, Simone Pieralice. Venue: Officina delle Zattere, Dorsoduro 947, Fondamenta Nani
Commissioner: Em.mo Card. Gianfranco Ravasi, Presidente del Pontificio Consiglio della Cultura. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Commissioner: Monika Balatoni. Deputy Commissioner: István Puskás, Sándor Fodor, Anna Karády. Curator: Kinga German. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Björg Stefánsdóttir. Curator: Nína Magnúsdóttir. Venue: to be confirmed
 INDONESIA, Republic of
Commissioner: Sapta Nirwandar. Deputy Commissioner: Soedarmadji JH Damais. Curator: Carla Bianpoen, Restu Imansari Kusumaningrum. Scientific Committee: Franco Laera, Asmudjo Jono Irianto, Watie Moerany, Elisabetta di Mambro. Venue: Venue: Arsenale
Samira Alikhanzaradeh, Mahmoud Bakhshi Moakhar, Jamshid Bayrami, Mohammed Ehsai
Lida Abdul, Bani Abidi, Adel Abidin, Amin Agheai, Ghodratollah Agheli, Shahriar Ahmadi, Parastou Ahovan, Farhad Ahrarnia, Rashad Alakbarov, Nazgol Ansarinia, Reza Aramesh, Alireza Astaneh, Sonia Balassanian, Mahmoud Bakhshi, Moakhar Wafaa Bilal, Mehdi Farhadian, Monir Farmanfarmaian, Shadi Ghadirian, Babak Golkar, Shilpa Gupta, Ghasem Hajizadeh, Shamsia Hassani, Sahand Hesamiyan, Sitara Ibrahimova, Pouran Jinchi, Amar Kanwar, Babak Kazemi, Ryas Komu, Ahmad Morshedloo, Farhad Moshiri, Mehrdad Mohebali, Huma Mulji, Azad Nanakeli, Jamal Penjweny, Imran Qureshi, Sara Rahbar, Rashid Rana, T.V. Santhosh, Walid Siti, Mohsen Taasha Wahidi, Mitra Tabrizian, Parviz Tanavoli, Newsha Tavakolian, Sadegh Tirafkan, Hema Upadhyay, Saira Wasim
Commissioner: Majid Mollanooruzi. Deputy Commissioners: Marco Meneguzzo, Mazdak Faiznia. Curators: Marco Meneguzzo, Mazdak Faiznia. Venue: Calle San Giovanni 1074/B, Cannaregio
Commissioner: Ruya Foundation for Contemporary Culture in Iraq (RUYA). Deputy Commissioner: Nuova Icona - Associazione Culturale per le Arti. Curator: Philippe Van Cauteren. Venue: Ca' Dandolo, San Polo 2879
Commissioner: Mike Fitzpatrick. Curator: Woodrow Kernohan. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Artiglierie
Tsibi Geva | Archeology of the Present
Commissioner: Arad Turgem, Michael Gov. Curator: Hadas Maor. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Ministero dei Beni e delle attività culturali e del turismo - Direzione Generale Arte e Architettura Contemporanee e Periferie Urbane. Commissioner: Federica Galloni. Curator: Vincenzo Trione. Venue: Padiglione Italia, Tese delle Vergini at Arsenale
Commissioner: The Japan Foundation. Deputy Commissioner: Yukihiro Ohira, Manako Kawata and Haruka Nakajima. Curator: Hitoshi Nakano. Venue : Pavilion at Giardini
Yvonne Apiyo Braendle-Amolo, Qin Feng, Shi Jinsong, Armando Tanzini, Li Zhanyang, Lan Zheng Hui, Li Gang, Double Fly Art Center
Commissioner: Paola Poponi. Curator: Sandro Orlandi Stagl. Deputy Curator: Ding Xuefeng. Venue: San Servolo Island
The Ways of Folding Space & Flying
MOON Kyungwon & JEON Joonho
Commissioner: Sook-Kyung Lee. Curator: Sook-Kyung Lee. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Speculating on the blue
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports. Curator: Nicolaus Schafhausen. Deputy Curator: Katharina Schendl. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Artiglierie
Katrina Neiburga, Andris Eglitis
Commissioner: Solvita Krese (Latvian Centre for Contemporary Art). Deputy Commissioner: Kitija Vasiljeva. Curator: Kaspars Vanags. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Commissioner: Vytautas Michelkevicius. Deputy Commissioner: Rasa Antanaviciute. Curator: Vytautas Michelkevicius. Venue: Palazzo Zenobio, Fondamenta del Soccorso 2569, Dorsoduro
LUXEMBOURG, Grand Duchy of
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Deputy Commissioner: MUDAM Luxembourg. Curator: Paul Ardenne. Venue: Cà Del Duca, Corte del Duca Sforza, San Marco 3052
MACEDONIA, Former Yugoslavian Republic of
We are all in this alone
Hristina Ivanoska and Yane Calovski
Commissioner: Maja Nedelkoska Brzanova, National Gallery of Macedonia. Deputy Commissioner: Olivija Stoilkova. Curator: Basak Senova. Deputy Curator: Maja Cankulovska Mihajlovska. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Sale d’Armi
From One Citizen You Gather an Idea
Sultana Haukim, Nirmal Hurry, Alix Le Juge, Olga Jürgenson, Helge Leiberg, Krishna Luchoomun, Neermala Luckeenarain, Kavinash Thomoo, Bik Van Der Pol, Laure Prouvost, Vitaly Pushnitsky, Römer + Römer
Commissioner: pARTage. Curators: Alfredo Cramerotti, Olga Jürgenson. Venue: Palazzo Flangini - Canareggio 252
Tania Candiani, Luis Felipe Ortega
Commissioner: Tomaso Radaelli. Deputy Commissioner: Magdalena Zavala Bonachea. Curator: Karla Jasso. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Enkhbold Togmidshiirev, Unen Enkh
Commissioner: Gantuya Badamgarav, MCASA. Curator: Uranchimeg Tsultemin. Scientific Committee: David A Ross, Boldbaatar Chultemin. Venue: European Cultural Centre - Palazzo Mora
,,Ti ricordi  Sjecaš li se  You Remember "
Commissioner/Curator: Anastazija Miranovic. Deputy Commissioner: Danica Bogojevic. Venue: Palazzo Malipiero (piano terra), San Marco 3078-3079/A, Ramo Malipiero
MOZAMBIQUE, Republic of *
Theme: Coexistence of Tradition and Modernity in Contemporary Mozambique
Commissioner: Joel Matias Libombo. Deputy Commissioner: Gilberto Paulino Cossa. Curator: Comissariado-Geral para a Expo Milano 2015. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
herman de vries - to be all ways to be
Commissioner: Mondriaan Fund. Curators: Colin Huizing, Cees de Boer. Venue: Pavilion ar Giardini
Commissioner: Heather Galbraith. Curator: Robert Leonard. Venue: Biblioteca Nazionale Marciana, Marco Polo Airport
NORDIC PAVILION (NORWAY)
Commissioner: OCA, Office for Contemporary Art Norway. Curator: Katya García-Antón. Deputy Curator: Antonio Cataldo. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Gilda Mantilla and Raimond Chaves
Commissioner: Armando Andrade de Lucio. Curator: Max Hernández-Calvo. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Tie a String Around the World
Manuel Conde, Carlos Francisco, Manny Montelibano, Jose Tence Ruiz
Commissioner: National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA), Felipe M. de Leon Jr. Curator: Patrick D. Flores. Venue: European Cultural Centre - Palazzo Mora
Halka/Haiti. 18°48’05”N 72°23’01”W
C.T. Jasper, Joanna Malinowska
Commissioner: Hanna Wróblewska. Deputy Commissioner: Joanna Wasko. Curator: Magdalena Moskalewicz. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
I Will Be Your Mirror / poems and problems
Commissioner/Curator: María de Corral. Venue: Palazzo Loredan, campo S. Stefano
Adrian Ghenie: Darwin’s Room
Commissioner: Monica Morariu. Deputy Commissioner: Alexandru Damian. Curator: Mihai Pop. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Inventing the Truth. On Fiction and Reality
Michele Bressan, Carmen Dobre-Hametner, Alex Mirutziu, Lea Rasovszky, Stefan Sava, Larisa Sitar
Commissioner: Monica Morariu. Deputy Commissioner: Alexandru Damian. Curator: Diana Marincu. Deputy Curators: Ephemair Association (Suzana Dan and Silvia Rogozea). Venue: New Gallery of the Romanian Institute for Culture and Humanistic Research in Venice
Commissioner: Stella Kesaeva. Curator: Margarita Tupitsyn. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Commissioner: Lidija Merenik. Deputy Commissioner: Ana Bogdanovic. Curator: Lidija Merenik. Deputy Curator: Ana Bogdanovic. Scientific Committee: Jovan Despotovic. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Repubblica di San Marino “ Friendship Project “ China
Xu De Qi, Liu Dawei, Liu Ruo Wang, Ma Yuan, Li Lei, Zhang Hong Mei, Eleonora Mazza, Giuliano Giulianelli, Giancarlo Frisoni, Tony Margiotta, Elisa Monaldi, Valentina Pazzini
Commissioner: Istituti Culturali della Repubblica di San Marino. Curator: Vincenzo Sanfo. Venue: TBC
SEYCHELLES, Republic of *
George Camille, Léon Wilma Loïs Radegonde
Commissioner: Seychelles Art Projects Foundation. Curators: Sarah J. McDonald, Victor Schaub Wong. Venue: European Cultural Centre - Palazzo Mora
Commissioner: Paul Tan, National Arts Council, Singapore. Curator: Shabbir Hussain Mustafa. Scientific Committee: Eugene Tan, Kathy Lai, Ahmad Bin Mashadi, June Yap, Emi Eu, Susie Lingham, Charles Merewether, Randy Chan. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
SLOVENIA, Republic of
UTTER / The violent necessity for the embodied presence of hope
Commissioner: Simona Vidmar. Deputy Commissioner: Jure Kirbiš. Curators: Michele Drascek and Aurora Fonda. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale - Artiglierie
Los Sujetos (The Subjects)
Pepo Salazar, Cabello/Carceller, Francesc Ruiz, + Salvador Dalí
Commissioner: Ministerio Asuntos Exteriores. Gobierno de España. Curator: Marti Manen. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Origini della civiltà
Narine Ali, Ehsan Alar, Felipe Cardeña, Fouad Dahdouh, Aldo Damioli, Svitlana Grebenyuk, Mauro Reggio, Liu Shuishi, Nass ouh Zaghlouleh, Andrea Zucchi, Helidon Xhixha
Commissioner: Christian Maretti. Curator: Duccio Trombadori. Venue: Redentore – Giudecca, San Servolo Island
Excavation of the Image: Imprint, Shadow, Spectre, Thought
Commissioner: Ann-Sofi Noring. Curator: Lena Essling. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Commissioner: Swiss Arts Council Pro Helvetia, Sandi Paucic and Marianne Burki. Deputy-Commissioner: Swiss Arts Council Pro Helvetia, Rachele Giudici Legittimo. Curator: Susanne Pfeffer. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Earth, Air, Fire & Water
Commissioner: Chai Nakhonchai, Office of Contemporary Art and Culture (OCAC), Ministry of Culture. Curator: Richard David Garst. Deputy Curator: Pongdej Chaiyakut. Venue: Paradiso Gallerie, Giardini della Biennale, Castello 1260
Commissioner: Istanbul Foundation for Culture and Arts. Curator: Defne Ayas. Deputy Curator: Ozge Ersoy. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d’Armi
Commissioner: Taukelina Finikaso. Deputy Commissioner: Temate Melitiana. Curator: Thomas J. Berghuis. Scientific Committee: Andrea Bonifacio. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Yevgenia Belorusets, Nikita Kadan, Zhanna Kadyrova, Mykola Ridnyi & SerhiyZhadan, Anna Zvyagintseva, Open Group, Artem Volokitin
Commissioner: Ministry of Culture. Curator: Björn Geldhof. Venue: Riva dei Sette Martiri
1980 – Today: Exhibitions in the United Arab Emirates
Abdullah Al Saadi, Abdul Qader Al Rais, Abdulraheem Salim, Abdulrahman Zainal, Ahmed Al Ansari, Ahmed Sharif, Hassan Sharif, Mohamed Yousif, Mohammed Abdullah Bulhiah, Mohammed Al Qassab, Mohammed Kazem, Moosa Al Halyan, Najat Meky, Obaid Suroor, Salem Jawhar
Commissioner: Salama bint Hamdan Al Nahyan Foundation. Curator: Hoor Al Qasimi. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale – Sale d'Armi
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Joan Jonas: They Come to Us Without a Word
Commissioner: Paul C. Ha. Deputy Commissioner: MIT List Visual Arts Center. Curators: Ute Meta Bauer, Paul C. Ha. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
Global Myopia II (Pencil & Paper)
Commissioner: Ricardo Pascale. Curator: Patricia Bentancour. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
VENEZUELA, Bolivarian Republic of
Te doy mi palabra (I give you my word)
Argelia Bravo, Félix Molina (Flix)
Commissioner: Oscar Sotillo Meneses. Deputy Commissioner: Reinaldo Landaeta Díaz. Curator: Oscar Sotillo Meneses. Deputy Curator: Morella Jurado. Scientific Committee: Carlos Pou Ruan. Venue: Pavilion at Giardini
ZIMBABWE, Republic of
Pixels of Ubuntu/Unhu: - Exploring the social and cultural identities of the 21st century.
Chikonzero Chazunguza, Masimba Hwati, Gareth Nyandoro
Commissioner: Doreen Sibanda. Curator: Raphael Chikukwa. Deputy Curator: Tafadzwa Gwetai. Scientific Committee: Saki Mafundikwa, Biggie Samwanda, Fabian Kangai, Reverend Paul Damasane, Nontsikelelo Mutiti, Stephen Garan'anga,  Dominic Benhura. Venue: Santa Maria della Pieta
ITALO-LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE
Commissioner: Sylvia Irrazábal. Curator: Alfons Hug. Deputy Curator: Alberto Saraiva. Venue: Pavilion at Arsenale
Sofia Medici and Laura Kalauz
PLURINATIONAL STATE OF BOLIVIA
Sonia Falcone and José Laura Yapita
María Cristina Rincón and Claudia Rodríguez
Barbara Prézeau Stephenson
001 Inverso Mundus. AES+F
Magazzino del Sale n. 5, Dorsoduro, 265 (Fondamenta delle Zattere ai Saloni); Palazzo Nani Mocenigo, Dorsoduro, 960
May 9th – October 31st
Organization: VITRARIA Glass + A Museum
Catalonia in Venice: Singularity
Cantieri Navali, Castello, 40 (Calle Quintavalle)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Institut Ramon Llull
Conversion. Recycle Group
Chiesa di Sant’Antonin, Castello (Campo Sant’Antonin)
May 6th - October 31st
Organization: Moscow Museum of Modern Art
Palazzo Contarini-Polignac, Dorsoduro, 874 (Accademia)
May 7th – August 15th
Organization: The Boghossian Foundation
Palazzo Donà Brusa, Campo San Polo, 2177
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: European Capital of Culture Wroclaw 2016
EM15 presents Doug Fishbone’s Leisure Land Golf
Arsenale Docks, Castello, 40A, 40B, 41C
Eredità e Sperimentazione
Grand Hotel Hungaria & Ausonia, Viale Santa Maria Elisabetta, 28, Lido di Venezia
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Istituto Nazionale di BioArchitettura - Sezione di Padova
Palazzo Grimani, Castello, 4858 (Ramo Grimani)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Tagore Foundation International; Polo museale del Veneto
Glasstress 2015 Gotika
Istituto Veneto di Scienze Lettere ed Arti, Palazzo Cavalli Franchetti, San Marco, 2847 (Campo Santo Stefano); Chiesa di Santa Maria della Visitazione, Centro Culturale Don Orione Artigianelli, Dorsoduro, 919 (Zattere); Fondazione Berengo, Campiello della Pescheria, 15, Murano;
May 9th — November 22nd
Organization: The State Hermitage Museum
Graham Fagen: Scotland + Venice 2015
Palazzo Fontana, Cannaregio, 3829 (Strada Nova)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Scotland + Venice
Grisha Bruskin. An Archaeologist’s Collection
Former Chiesa di Santa Caterina, Cannaregio, 4941-4942
May 6th – November 22nd
Organization: Centro Studi sulle Arti della Russia (CSAR), Università Ca’ Foscari Venezia
Helen Sear, ... The Rest Is Smoke
Santa Maria Ausiliatrice, Castello, 450 (Fondamenta San Gioacchin)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Cymru yn Fenis/Wales in Venice
Palazzo Michiel, Cannaregio, 4391/A (Strada Nova)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Hubei Museum of Art
Humanistic Nature and Society (Shan-Shui) – An Insight into the Future
Palazzo Faccanon, San Marco, 5016 (Mercerie)
Organization: Shanghai Himalayas Museum
In the Eye of the Thunderstorm: Effervescent Practices from the Arab World & South Asia
Dorsoduro, 417 (Zattere)
May 6th - November 15th
Italia Docet | Laboratorium- Artists, Participants, Testimonials and Activated Spectators
Palazzo Barbarigo Minotto, San Marco, 2504 (Fondamenta Duodo o Barbarigo)
May 9th – June 30th; September 11st – October 31st
Organization: Italian Art Motherboard Foundation (i-AM Foundation)
Jaume Plensa: Together
Basilica di San Giorgio Maggiore, Isola di San Giorgio Maggiore
May 6th – November 22nd
Organization: Abbazia di San Giorgio Maggiore Benedicti Claustra Onlus
Jenny Holzer "War Paintings"
Museo Correr, San Marco, 52 (Piazza San Marco)
May 6th – November 22nd
Organization: The Written Art Foundation; Museo Correr, Fondazione Musei Civici di Venezia
Jump into the Unknown
Palazzo Loredan dell’Ambasciatore, Dorsoduro, 1261-1262
Organization: Nine Dragon Heads
Palazzo Bembo, San Marco, 4793 (Riva del Carbon)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Pan Tianshou Foundation
Palazzo Benzon, San Marco, 3927
May 6th  – October 31st
Organization: The Gujral Foundation
Ornamentalism. The Purvitis Prize
Arsenale Nord, Tesa 99
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: The Secretariat of the Latvian Presidency of the Council of the European Union in 2015
Arsenale, Castello, 2126/A (Campo della Tana)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: The Civic and Municipal Affairs Bureau; The Macao Museum of Art; The Cultural Affairs Bureau
Patricia Cronin: Shrine for Girls, Venice
Chiesa di San Gallo, San Marco, 1103 (Campo San Gallo)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Brooklyn Rail Curatorial Projects
Roberto Sebastian Matta. Sculture
Giardino di Palazzo Soranzo Cappello, Soprintendenza BAP per le Province di Venezia, Belluno, Padova e Treviso, Santa Croce, 770 (Fondamenta Rio Marin)
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Fondazione Echaurren Salaris
Salon Suisse: S.O.S. Dada - The World Is A Mess
Palazzo Trevisan degli Ulivi, Dorsoduro, 810 (Campo Sant'Agnese)
May 9th; June 4th - 6th; September 10th - 12th; October 15th - 17th; November 19th – 21st
Organization: Swiss Arts Council Pro Helvetia
Sean Scully: Land Sea
Palazzo Falier, San Marco, 2906
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Fondazione Volume!
Sepphoris. Alessandro Valeri
Molino Stucky, interior atrium, Giudecca, 812
May 9th – November 22nd
Organization: Assessorato alla Cultura del Comune di Narni(TR); a Sidereal Space of Art; Satellite Berlin
Palazzo Nani Mocenigo, Dorsoduro, 960
May 9th – October 18th
Organization: VITRARIA Glass + A Museum
The Bridges of Graffiti
Arterminal c/o Terminal San Basilio, Dorsoduro (Fondamenta Zattere al Ponte Lungo)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Associazione Culturale Inossidabile
The Dialogue of Fire. Ceramic and Glass Masters from Barcelona to Venice
Palazzo Tiepolo Passi, San Polo, 2774
May 6th - November 22nd
Organization: Fundaciò Artigas; ArsCulture
The Question of Beings
Istituto Santa Maria della Pietà, Castello, 3701
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Museum of Contemporary Art, Taipei (MoCA, Taipei)
The Revenge of the Common Place
Università Ca' Foscari, Ca' Bernardo, Dorsoduro, 3199 (Calle Bernardo)
May 9th – September 30th
Organization: Vrije Universiteit Brussel (Free University Brussels-VUB)
The Silver Lining. Contemporary Art from Liechtenstein and other Microstates
Palazzo Trevisan degli Ulivi, Dorsoduro, 810 (Campo Sant'Agnese)
October 24th – November 1st
Organization: Kunstmuseum Liechtenstein
The Sound of Creation. Paintings + Music by Beezy Bailey and Brian Eno
Conservatorio Benedetto Marcello, Palazzo Pisani, San Marco, 2810 (Campo Santo Stefano)
May 7th - November 22nd
The Union of Fire and Water
Palazzo Barbaro, San Marco, 2840
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: YARAT Contemporary Art Organisation
Thirty Light Years - Theatre of Chinese Art
Palazzo Rossini, San Marco, 4013 (Campo Manin)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: GAC Global Art Center Foundation; The Guangdong Museum of Art
Tsang Kin-Wah: The Infinite Nothing, Hong Kong in Venice
Arsenale, Castello, 2126 (Campo della Tana)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: M+, West Kowloon Cultural District; Hong Kong Arts Development Council
Under the Surface, Newfoundland and Labrador at Venice
Galleria Ca' Rezzonico, Dorsoduro, 2793
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Terra Nova Art Foundation
Ursula von Rydingsvard
Giardino della Marinaressa, Castello (Riva dei Sette Martiri)
May 6th - November 22nd
Organization:Yorkshire Sculpture Park
We Must Risk Delight: Twenty Artists from Los Angeles
Magazzino del Sale n. 3, Dorsoduro, 264 (Zattere)
May 7th - November 22nd
Wu Tien-Chang: Never Say Goodbye
Palazzo delle Prigioni, Castello, 4209 (San Marco)
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Taipei Fine Arts Museum of Taiwan
Istituto Santa Maria della Pietà, Castello, 3701
May 9th - November 22nd
Organization: Dream Amsterdam Foundation
Universities and Associations that have joined the project
Sotheby’s Institute of Art, London / St Lucas University College of Art & Design, Antwerp / University of Washington - College of Arts & Sciences, Seattle / Iowa State University - College of Design, Ames / Universität für angewandte Kunst, Vienna
Venice International University / Università Ca’ Foscari, Venezia / Università Ca’ Foscari, Venezia - Dipartimento di Filosofia e Beni Culturali / Università IUAV di Venezia / Università Commerciale Luigi Bocconi, Milano - Dipartimento di Marketing / Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera, Milano - Ufficio Relazioni Internazionali. Erasmus Office / Politecnico di Milano - Scuola del Design. Laurea in Design degli Interni / Università di Roma Sapienza - Facoltà di Architettura / Associazione Cinemavvenire, Roma / Università per Stranieri di Perugia / Università per Stranieri di Siena
Central Pavilion at the Giardini (3,000 sq.m.) to the Arsenale
Bice Curiger Massimiliano Gioni
A Parliament for a Biennale
 Paolo Baratta, President of la Biennale di Venezia
Okwui Enwezor the ARENA Karl Marx’s Das Kapital
  Theaster Gates Chris Rehberger Joseph Haydn Cesare Paveset David Adjaye Olaf Nicolai Joana Hadjithomas and Khalil Joreige Marsilio Editori. emergency cinema.” Abounaddara
Mathieu KleyebeCharles Gaines’Jeremy Deller Jason Moran , venedig biennale biennial
other Biennale :(Biennials ) :
Venice Biennial , Documenta Havana Biennial,Istanbul Biennial ( Istanbuli),Biennale de Lyon ,Dak'Art Berlin Biennial,Mercosul Visual Arts Biennial ,Bienal do Mercosul Porto Alegre.,Berlin Biennial ,Echigo-Tsumari Triennial .Yokohama Triennial  Aichi Triennale,manifesta ,Copenhagen Biennale,Aichi Triennale
Yokohama Triennial,Echigo-Tsumari Triennial.Sharjah Biennial ,Biennale of Sydney, Liverpool , São Paulo Biennial ; Athens Biennale , Bienal do Mercosul ,Göteborg International Biennial for Contemporary Art
In memory of these 454 British Forces personnel,  including Ministry of Defence civilians, who gave of their lives in service in Afghanistan 2001 -2014
In memory of the 454 British Forces personnel,  including Ministry of Defence civilians, who gave of their lives in service in Afghanistan 2001 -2014. The vast majority of fatalities took place with the deployment of British forces to the Taliban stronghold of Helmand province (prior to deployment in this area only five men died between April 2002 and early March 2006).
To see the original size of the image, select from the down-arrow menu at the bottom left of the image field. 
Added is Lance Corporal Michael Campbell of the 3rd Battalion, The Royal Welsh, died on 23 July 2015 of wounds sustained in Afghanistan in April, 2012. 
Text below (edited to reflect end of the mission) from 
UK forces [were] deployed to Afghanistan [2001-2014] in support of the UN-authorised, NATO-led International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) mission and as part of the US-led Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF). [Beginning] 2003 UK operations in Afghanistan [were] conducted under the name Operation HERRICK. 
British fatalities in Afghanistan
It is with very deep regret that the Ministry of Defence has confirmed the following fatalities suffered during operations in Afghanistan.
As at 23 July 2015, a total of 454 British forces personnel or MOD civilians died while serving in Afghanistan since the start of operations in October 2001. 
Of these, 405 were killed as a result of hostile action. Of these, the Victoria Cross was posthumously awarded to two soldiers: Corporal Bryan James Budd, 3rd Battalion the Parachute Regiment, and Lance Corporal James Ashworth from the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards.
49 are known to have died either as a result of illness, non-combat injuries or accidents, or have not yet officially been assigned a cause of death pending the outcome of an investigation. The balance of these figures may change as inquests are concluded.
Indicating the long-held British tradition of leading from the front, 59 fatalities were officers and warrant officers, 13% of the total killed. One Lieutenant Colonel was killed, Rupert Thorneloe,  Commanding Officer of First Battalion, Welsh Guards, the highest ranking British Army officer to be killed in action since the Falklands war in 1982. 19 Lieutenants, 21 Captains, 4 Majors, and 14 Warrant Officers were also killed.  
Three women were killed in the Afghan war. Women were then, and still are not, permitted to serve in combat units that have direct action with an enemy, accounting for the low number of casualties despite women comprising about nine percent of the British Army. That policy is under strain as the professionalism and sacrifice of women in uniform in Iraq and Afghanistan is recognized and respected by their male peers. 
To put this visual into perspective, you would add over 5.2  pages just like this one for the 2357 US fatalities, and 1.5 pages more for the 678 fatalities of other allied coalition nations. Overall, for all coalition casualties in Afghanistan, a total of 7.26 image pages just like this one would be displayed--3488 of the finest men and women among us. 
To see a depiction of the magnitude in loss, please see this link:  
The below listed names correspond to the photographs above that are arranged in the order of their deaths, the first photo being the first death. The photos are grouped in four columns, left to right, in rows of ten in each group. The first line of names listed below is at top, first row, left column. The first and second columns have 11 rows each; the third and fourth columns have 12 rows each. The list of names and the photos were derived from 
. I thought there needed to be a single image of all those who died in this war--only then can the scope of the sacrifice of such brave young people be understood.  
Private Darren John George, from the Royal Anglian Regiment, Corporal John Gregory of the Royal Logistic Corps, Sergeant Robert Busuttil of the Royal Logistic Corps, Private Jonathan Kitulagoda, the Rifle Volunteers, Lance Corporal Steven Sherwood, 1st Battalion, The Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Light Infantry, Corporal Mark Cridge, 7 Signal Regiment, Lance Corporal Peter Edward Craddock, 1st Battalion The Royal Gloucestershire, Berkshire and Wiltshire Regiment, Captain Jim Philippson, 7 Parachute Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, Sergeant Paul Bartlett, Royal Marines, Captain David Patten, of the Parachute Regiment.
Lance Corporal Jabron Hashmi, Intelligence Corps, Corporal Peter Thorpe, Royal Signals, Private Damien Jackson, 3rd Battalion the Parachute Regiment, Lance Corporal Ross Nicholls, Blues and Royals, Second Lieutenant Ralph Johnson, Household Cavalry Regiment, Captain Alex Eida, Royal Horse Artillery, Private Andrew Barrie Cutts, Air Assault Support Regiment, Royal Logistic Corps, Private Leigh Reeves, Royal Logistic Corps, Lance Corporal Sean Tansey, The Life Guards, Corporal Bryan James Budd, 3rd Battalion the Parachute Regiment, 29 (VICTORIA CROSS).
Lance Corporal Jonathan Peter Hetherington, 14 Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare), Ranger Anare Draiva, 1 Royal Irish Regiment, Mne Joseph David Windall, Royal Marines, Corporal Oliver Simon Dicketts, the Parachute Regiment, Sergeant Gary Paul Quilliam, Sergeant John Joseph Langton, Sergeant Benjamin James Knight, Flight Sergeant Adrian Davies, Flight Sergeant Gerard Martin Bell, Flight Sergeant Stephen Beattie.
Flight Sergeant Gary Wayne Andrews, Flight Lieutenant Steven Swarbrick, Flight Lieutenant Allan James Squires, Flight Lieutenant Gareth Rodney Nicholas, Flight Lieutenant Leigh Anthony Mitchelmore, Flight Lieutenant Steven Johnson, Private Craig O’Donnell, The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, 5th Battalion the Royal Regiment of Scotland, Corporal Mark William Wright, 3rd Battalion, The Parachute Regiment, Lance Corporal Luke McCulloch, 1 Royal Irish Regiment, Lance Corporal Paul Muirhead, 1 Royal Irish Regiment.
Marine Gary Wright, 45 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Jonathan Wigley, 45 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Richard J Watson, 42 Commando Royal Marines, Lance Bombardier James Dwyer, 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery, Marine Thomas Curry, 42 Commando Royal Marines, Lance Corporal Mathew Ford, 45 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Jonathan Holland, 45 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Scott Summers, 42 Commando Royal Marines, Lance Bombardier Ross Clark Lance Bombardier Liam McLaughlin.
Marine Benjamin Reddy, 42 Commando Royal Marines, WO2 Michael ‘Mick’ Smith, 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery, Private Chris Gray, A Company, 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Guardsman Simon Davison, 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Lance Corporal George Russell Davey, 1st Battalion the Royal Anglian Regiment, Guardsman Daniel Probyn, 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Corporal Darren Bonner, 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Corporal Mike Gilyeat, Royal Military Police, Lance Corporal Paul “Sandy” Sandford, 1st Battalion The Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters, Guardsman Neil ‘Tony’ Downes, 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards.
Drummer Thomas Wright, 1st Battalion The Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters, Captain Sean Dolan, of 1st Battalion The Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters, Sergeant Dave Wilkinson, from 19 Regiment Royal Artillery, Guardsman Daryl Hickey 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Lance Corporal Alex Hawkins, of 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Guardsman David Atherton, from the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Sergeant Barry Keen of 14 Signal Regiment, Lance Corporal Michael Jones, Private Tony Rawson, 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Captain David Hicks of 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment.
Private Aaron James McClure, Private Robert Graham Foster, and Private John Thrumble, all from the 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian, Senior Aircraftman Christopher Bridge from C flight, 51 Squadron RAF, Private Damian Wright, of 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Private Ben Ford, of 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Private Johan Botha from The 2nd Battalion of The Mercian Regiment (Worcesters and Foresters), Sergeant Craig Brelsford from The 2nd Battalion of the The Mercian Regiment (Worcesters and Foresters), Lance Corporal Ivano Violino from 20 Field Squadron, 36 Engineer Regiment, Colour Sergeant Phillip Newman of 4th Battalion The Mercian Regiment.
Private Brian Tunnicliffe of 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Major Alexis Roberts, 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Lance Corporal Jake Alderton of 36 Engineer Regiment, Captain John McDermid of The Royal Highland Fusiliers, Trooper Jack Sadler of The Honourable Artillery Company, Sergeant Lee Johnson of 2nd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Corporal Darryl Gardiner of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, Corporal Damian Stephen Lawrence of the 2nd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Royal Marine Corporal Damian Mulvihill, Marine David ‘Dave’ Marsh of 40 Commando Royal Marines.
Lieutenant John ‘JT’ Thornton of 40 Commando Royal Marines, Senior Aircraftman Graham Livingston of the Royal Air Force Regiment, Senior Aircraftman Gary Thompson of the Royal Auxiliary Air Force, Trooper Robert Pearson of the Queen’s Royal Lancers, Trooper Ratu Babakobau of the Household Cavalry Regiment, James Thompson (no more details given), Dale Gostick, of 3 Troop Armoured Support Company, Royal Marines, Private Charles Murray of 2nd Battalion, the Parachute Regiment (2PARA), Private Daniel Gamble of 2nd Battalion, the Parachute Regiment (2PARA), Private Nathan Cuthbertson of 2nd Battalion, the Parachute Regiment (2PARA).
Lance Corporal James Bateman, 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment (2 Para), Private Jeff Doherty, of 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment (2 Para), Corporal Sean Robert Reeve of the Royal Signals, Paul Stout, Corporal Sarah Bryant of the Intelligence Corps [FIRST woman fatality of Afghan war], Lance Corporal Richard Larkin, Warrant Officer Class 2 Michael Williams of 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment (2 PARA), Private Joe Whittaker, Warrant Officer Dan Shirley, Lance Corporal James Johnson, B Company, 5th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland.
Corporal Jason Stuart Barnes from the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, Lance Corporal Kenneth Michael Rowe of the Royal Army Veterinary Corps, Sergeant Jonathan William Mathews of The Highlanders, 4th Battalion, The Royal Regiment of Scotland, Private Peter Cowton from 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, Signaller Wayne Bland, Signal Regiment, Corporal Barry Dempsey The Royal Highland Fusiliers, 2nd Battalion Royal Regiment of Scotland, Ranger Justin James Cupples, 1st Battalion The Royal Irish Regiment, Warrant Officer Class 2 Gary O’Donnell GM, 11 Explosive Ordnance Disposal Regiment Royal Logistic, Private Jason Lee Rawstron of 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, Lance Corporal Nicky Mason, a soldier from 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment.
Trooper James Munday from D Squadron, the Household Cavalry Regiment, Rifleman Yubraj Rai of the 2nd Battalion, The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Royal Marine Neil Dunstan, Royal Marine Robert McKibben, Nepalese Gurkha Colour Sergeant Krishnabahadur Dura, Marine Alexander Lucas, 45 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Georgie Sparks, Marine Tony Evans, Corporal Marc Birch, Sergeant John Manuel.
Marine Damian Davies, Lance Corporal Steven ‘Jamie’ Fellows from 45 Commando Royal Marines, Lieutenant Aaron Lewis from 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery, Rifleman Stuart Nash from 1st Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Robert Deering from the Commando Logistic Regiment Royal Marines, Lance Corporal Benjamin Whatley, 42 Commando Royal Marines, Corporal Liam Elms, 45 Commando Royal Marines, Serjeant Chris Reed of 6th Battalion The Rifles, Marine Travis Mackin of Communications Squadron, United Kingdom Landing Force Command Support Group (UKLFCSG), Captain Tom Sawyer, 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery.
Corporal Danny Winter, 45 Commando Royal Marines, Acting Corporal Richard ‘Robbo’ Robinson, 1st Battalion the Rifles, Corporal Daniel ‘Danny’ Nield, 1st Battalion, The Rifles, Marine Darren Smith, 45 Commando, Lance Corporal Stephen Kingscott of 1st Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman Jamie Gunn from 1st Battalion The Rifles, Lance Corporal Paul Upton from 1st Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Tom Gaden, from 1st Battalion The Rifles, Marine Michael Laski, from 45 Commando Royal Marines, and Lance Corporal Christopher Harkett, from 2nd Battalion The Royal Welsh.
Corporal Graeme Stiff of 1st The Queen’s Dragoon Guards, Corporal Dean John, member of the Light Aid Detachment of 1st The Queen’s Dragoon Guards, Lance Sergeant Tobie Fasfous, of 1st Battalion Welsh Guards, Corporal Sean Connor Binnie, from the 3 Scots ‘C’ Company Royal Regiment of Scotland, Rifleman Adrian Sheldon, from 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Sergeant Ben Ross, from 173 Provost Company, 3rd Regiment, Corporal Kumar Pun, from the 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Lieutenant Mark Evison, of the 1st Battalion, The Welsh Guards, Marine Jason Mackie, of Armoured Support Group, Royal Marines, and Fusilier Petero ‘Pat’ Suesue, of the 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers.
Sapper Jordan Rossi of 38 Engineer Regiment, Lance Corporal Robert Martin Richards from Armoured Support Group Royal Marines, Lance Corporal Kieron Hill from 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Lance Corporal Nigel Moffett, of the Light Dragoons, Corporal Stephen Bolger, of 1 Para, Rifleman Cyrus Thatcher, of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Private Robert McLaren, from The Black Watch, 3rd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland, Lieutenant Paul Mervis of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Major Sean Birchall of 1st Battalion Welsh Guards, Lieutenant Colonel Rupert Thorneloe MBE, Commanding Officer of the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards.
Trooper Joshua Hammond of the 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, Lance Corporal David Dennis, from The Light Dragoons, Private Robert Laws, from 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Lance Corporal Dane Elson from the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards, Captain Ben Babington-Browne, from 22 Engineer Regiment, Royal Engineers, Trooper Christopher Whiteside, The Light Dragoons, aged 20 from Blackpool, Rifleman Daniel Hume of the 4th Battalion The Rifles, Private John Brackpool of the Prince of Wales’ Company, 1st Battalion Welsh Guards, Corporal Lee Scott of The 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, Rifleman Daniel Simpson of 2nd Battalion The Rifles.
Rifleman Joseph Murphy of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman James Backhouse of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman William Aldridge of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Jonathan Horne of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman Aminiasi Toge, of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Joseph Etchells, of 2nd Battalion the Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, Captain Daniel Shepherd from 11 Explosive Ordnance Disposal Regiment, Guardsman Christopher King, of 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards, The Royal Logistic Corps, Bombardier Craig Hopson from 40th Regiment Royal Artillery, Warrant Officer Class 2 Sean Upton from 5th Regiment Royal Artillery;
Trooper Phillip Lawrence from The Light Dragoons, Craftsman Anthony Lombardi from the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME), attached to The Light Dragoons, Corporal Kevin Mulligan from the Parachute Regiment, Lance Corporal Dale Thomas Hopkins from the Parachute Regiment, Private Kyle Adams from the Parachute Regiment, Private Jason George Williams, from The 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Lance Bombardier Matthew Hatton from 40th Regiment Royal Artillery, Rifleman Daniel Wild from 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Captain Mark Hale from 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Private Richard Hunt of 2nd Battalion The Royal Welsh.
Sergeant Simon Valentine of 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, Lance Corporal James Fullarton of 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, Fusilier Simon Annis of 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, Fusilier Louis Carter of 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment, Fusiliers, Private Jonathan Young of 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment (Duke of Wellington’s), Serjeant Paul McAleese of 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Fusilier Shaun Bush from 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Fusiliers, Sergeant Lee Andrew Houltram of the Royal Marines, Sergeant Stuart Millar of The Black Watch, 3rd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland, Private Kevin Elliott of The Black Watch, 3rd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland.
Lance Corporal Richard James Brandon of the Corps of Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, Private Gavin Elliott of 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, 
Corporal John Harrison from the Parachute Regiment, Kingsman Jason Dunn-Bridgeman from 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment, Trooper Brett Hall from 2nd Royal Tank Regiment, Acting Serjeant Stuart McGrath from 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Michael Lockett from the 2nd Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Private James Prosser from 2nd Battalion The Royal Welsh, Acting Corporal Marcin Wojtak of the Royal Air Force Regiment, Guardsman Jamie Janes, from the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards.
Lance Corporal James Hill of 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards, Corporal James Oakland of the Royal Military Police, Corporal Thomas ‘Tam’ Mason from The Black Watch, 3rd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland (3 SCOTS), Staff Sergeant Olaf Sean George Schmid, of the Royal Logistic Corps, Corporal Nicholas Webster-Smith of the Royal Military Police, Corporal Steven Boote of the Royal Military Police, Guardsman James Major of 1st Battalion The Grenadier Guards, Sergeant Matthew Telford of 1st Battalion The Grenadier Guards, Warrant Officer Class 1 Darren Chant of 1st Battalion The Grenadier Guards, Serjeant Phillip Scott of 3rd Battalion The Rifles.
Rifleman Philip Allen, from 2nd Battalion the Rifles, Rifleman Samuel John Bassett, of the 1 Platoon, A Company, 4th Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman Andrew Ian Fentiman from 7th Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Loren Owen Christopher Marlton-Thomas from 33 Engineer Regiment, Sergeant Robert David Loughran-Dickson of the Royal Military Police, Sergeant John Amer, from 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards, Lance Corporal Adam Drane, from 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Lance Corporal David Leslie Kirkness from 3rd Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman James Stephen Brown, from 3rd Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Simon Hornby, from 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment.
Lance Corporal Michael David Pritchard of the 4th Regiment, Royal Military Police, Lance Corporal Christopher Roney of A Company, 3rd Battalion The Rifles, Lance Corporal Tommy Brown from The Parachute Regiment, Rifleman Aidan Howell, from 3rd Battalion, The Rifles, Sapper David Watson of 33 Engineer Regiment (Explosive Ordnance Disposal), Royal Engineers, Private Robert Hayes, of 1st Battalion the Royal Anglian Regiment, Captain Daniel Read of 11 Explosive Ordnance Disposal Regiment, the Royal Logistic Corps, Corporal Lee Brownson from 3rd Battalion, the Rifles, Rifleman Luke Farmer from 3rd Battalion, the Rifles, Rifleman Peter Aldridge, of A Company 4 Rifles.
Lance Corporal Daniel Cooper from 3 RIFLES, Corporal Liam Riley from 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Lance Corporal Graham Shaw from 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Corporal John Moore from The Royal Scots Borderers, 1st Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland (1 SCOTS), part of the 3 RIFLES Battle Group, Private Sean McDonald from The Royal Scots Borderers, 1st Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland (1 SCOTS), part of the 3 RIFLES Battle Group, Warrant Officer Class 2 David Markland from 36 Engineer Regiment, Lance Corporal Darren Hicks from 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards, Lance Sergeant Dave Greenhalgh, from 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Rifleman Mark Marshall from 6th Battalion, The Rifles, Kingsman Sean Dawson from 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment.
Sapper Guy Mellors of the 36 Engineer Regiment, Lieutenant Douglas Dalzell of 1st Battalion The Coldstream Guards, Lance Sergeant David Walker of 1st Battalion Scots Guards, Senior Aircraftman Luke Southgate, II Squadron Royal Air Force Regiment, Rifleman Martin Kinggett of A Company, 4th Battalion The Rifles, Sergeant Paul Maurice Fox, of 28 Engineer Regiment, Rifleman Carlo Apolis of 4th Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Richard Green from 3rd Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman Jonathon Allott of 3rd Battalion The Rifles, Rifleman Liam Maughan of 3rd Battalion The Rifles.
Lance Corporal Tom Keogh from 4th Battalion The Rifles, Corporal Stephen Thompson, from 1st Battalion The Rifles, Captain Martin Driver, from 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Private James Grigg, 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Lance Corporal Scott Hardy, 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Serjeant Steven Campbell, from A Company, 3rd Battalion The Rifles, serving as part of the 3 RIFLES Battle Group, Lance Corporal of Horse Jonathan Woodgate, from the Household Cavalry Regiment, Rifleman Daniel Holkham, from 3rd Battalion The Rifles, Guardsman Michael Sweeney from 1st Battalion Coldstream Guards, Rifleman Mark Turner, from 3rd Battalion The Rifles.
Fusilier Jonathan Burgess, from 1st Battalion The Royal Welsh, Corporal Harvey Holmes from 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, serving with 40 Commando Royal Marines Battle Group, Lance Corporal Barry Buxton of 21 Engineer Regiment, Sapper Daryn Roy of 21 Engineer Regiment, Corporal Christopher Lewis Harrison, of B Company, 40 Commando, Royal Marines, Corporal Stephen Walker, of A Company, 40 Commando, Royal Marines, Gunner Zac Cusack of 4th Regiment Royal Artillery, Corporal Stephen Curley of 40 Commando Royal Marines, Scott Gregory Taylor, of Alpha Company, 40 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Anthony Dean Hotine, from Alpha Company, 40 Commando Royal Marines.
Corporal Terry Webster of 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Lance Corporal Alan Cochran of 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Lance Bombadier Mark Chandler from 3rd Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, Private Jonathan Michael Monk, 2nd Battalion The Princess of Wales’s Royal Regiment, attached to 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Lance Corporal Andrew Breeze of 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Marine Steven James Birdsall from Bravo Company, 40 Commando Royal Marines, Corporal Taniela Tolevu Rogoiruwai from 1st Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment (1 LANCS), Kingsman Ponipate Tagitaginimoce from 1st Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment (1 LANCS), Trooper Ashley Smith from The Royal Dragoon Guards, Marine Richard Hollington, from 40 Commando.
Marine Paul Warren from Charlie Company, 40 Commando Royal Marines, Lance Corporal Michael Taylor from Charlie Company, 40 Commando Royal Marines, Sergeant Steven Darbyshire from 40 Commando Royal Marines, Private Alex Isaac from 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Private Douglas Niall Halliday from 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Lance Corporal David Andrew Ramsden from 1st Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Colour Sergeant Martyn Simon Horton from 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Bombardier Stephen Raymond Gilbert from 4th Regiment Royal Artillery, Corporal Jamie Kirkpatrick from 101 Engineer Regiment (Explosive Ordnance Disposal) and Corporal Seth Stephens from the Royal Marines.
Trooper James Anthony Leverett of The Royal Dragoon Guards, Private Thomas Sephton of 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Bombardier Samuel Robinson from 5th Regiment Royal Artillery, Marine David Charles Hart from 40 Commando Royal Marines, Corporal Arjun Purja Pun from 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Lieutenant Neal Turkington from 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Major James Joshua Bowman from 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Marine Matthew Harrison from 40 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Jonathan Crookes from 40 Commando Royal Marines and Senior Aircraftman Kinikki Griffiths from the RAF Regiment.
Sergeant David Monkhouse from The Royal Dragoon Guards, Staff Sergeant Brett George Linley from 11 Explosive Ordnance Disposal Regiment, Lance Corporal Stephen Daniel Monkhouse from 1st Battalion Scots Guards, Corporal Matthew James Stenton from the Royal Dragoon Guards, Sapper Mark Antony Smith, from 36 Engineer Regiment, Lance Sergeant Dale Alanzo McCallum of 1st Battalion Scots Guards, Marine Adam Brown from 40 Commando Royal Marines, Lieutenant John Sanderson, of 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Rifleman Remand Kulung of 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, and Sapper Darren Foster of 21 Engineer Regiment.
Sapper Ishwor Gurung of 69 Gurkha Field Squadron, 21 Engineer Regiment Group, Lance Corporal Jordan Bancroft, 1st Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment, Lance Corporal Joseph Pool, The Royal Scots Borderers, 1st Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland, Captain Andrew Griffiths, 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment, Kingsman Darren Deady from the 2nd Battalion, The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment, Trooper Andrew Howarth from The Queen’s Royal Lancers, Sergeant Andrew Jones of The Royal Engineers, Corporal Matthew Thomas from the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers, Rifleman Suraj Gurung, from the 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Sergeant Peter Rayner from 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment.
Acting Corporal David Barnsdale from 33 Engineer Regiment (Explosive Ordnance Disposal), Sapper William Bernard Blanchard from 101 (City of London ) Engineer Regiment (Explosive Ordnance Disposal), Senior Aircraftman Scott Hughes, Ranger Aaron McCormick of The Royal Irish Regiment, Guardsman Christopher Davies, from the 1st Battalion Irish Guards, Private John Howard, 3rd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, Corporal Steven Thomas Dunn, 216 (Parachute) Signal Squadron, Warrant Officer Class 2 Charlie Wood from 23 Pioneer Regiment, Royal Logistic Corps, Private Joseva Saqanagonedau Vatubua from The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, 5th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland (5 SCOTS) and Private Martin Simon George Bell from 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment.
Ranger David Dalzell, from 1st Battalion The Royal Irish Regiment, Warrant Officer Class 2 (Company Sergeant Major) Colin Beckett of 3rd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, Private Conrad Lewis from 4th Battalion The Parachute Regiment, Private Lewis Hendry from 3rd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, Lance Corporal Kyle Cleet Marshall of 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, Private Dean Hutchinson of the Royal Logistic Corps (RLC), Private Robert Wood of the Royal Logistic Corps (RLC), Lance Corporal Liam Richard Tasker of the Royal Army Veterinary Corps, Lance Corporal Stephen McKee of 1st Battalion The Royal Irish Regiment and Private Daniel Steven Prior of 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment.
Lance Sergeant Mark Terence Burgan from 1st Battalion Irish Guards, Major Matthew James Collins from 1st Battalion Irish Guards, Colour Sergeant Alan Cameron (Senior) from 1st Battalion Scots Guards, Captain Lisa Jade Head from 321 Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Squadron,11 EOD Regiment RLC [SECOND woman fatality of the Afghan war], Marine Nigel Dean Mead from Lima Company, 42 Commando Royal Marines, Colour Serjeant Kevin Charles Fortuna A Company, 1st Battalion The Rifles, Lieutenant Oliver Richard Augustin Juliet Company, 42 Commando Royal Marines, Marine Samuel Giles William Alexander MC from Mike Company, 42 Commando Royal Marines, Corporal Michael John Pike, The Highlanders, 4th Battalion, The Royal Regiment of Scotland and Lance Corporal Martin Joseph Gill, 42 Commando Royal Marines.
Rifleman Martin Jon Lamb from 1st Battalion The Rifles, Craftsman Andrew Found from The Corps Of Royal Electrical And Mechanical Engineers, Corporal Lloyd Newell from The Parachute Regiment, Private Gareth Leslie William Bellingham, from 3rd Battalion The Mercian Regiment (Staffords), Highlander Scott McLaren, of 4th Battalion, The Royal Regiment of Scotland (4 SCOTS), Lance Corporal Paul Watkins of the 9th/12th Royal Lancers (Prince of Wales’s), Corporal Mark Anthony Palin from 1st Battalion The Rifles, Marine James Wright, from Juliet Company, 42 Commando, Lieutenant Daniel John Clack of 1st Battalion The Rifles, (1 RIFLES), Royal Marine Sergeant Barry Weston from 42 Commando Royal Marines.
Lance Corporal Jonathan James McKinlay of The First Battalion The Rifles, Marine David Fairbrother, 24, from 42 Commando, Rifleman Vijay Rai from 2nd Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Private Matthew Haseldin, 21, from 2nd Battalion, The Mercian Regiment, Private Matthew Thornton, from 4th Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment (4 YORKS), Lance Corporal Peter Eustace, from 2nd Battalion The Rifles, Lance Corporal Richard Scanlon, 1st The Queen’s Dragoon Guards, Lieutenant David Boyce, 1st The Queen’s Dragoon Guards, Private Thomas Lake, from 1st Battalion The Princess of Wales’s Royal Regiment, Rifleman Sheldon Steel, 20, from 5th Battalion The Rifles (5 RIFLES).
Sapper Elijah Bond of 35 Engineer Regiment, Royal Engineers, Captain Tom Jennings, Royal Marines, Squadron Leader Anthony Downing, RAF, Private John King, 19, of 1st Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Rifleman Sachin Limbu, 1st Battalion, The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Signaller Ian Sartorius-Jones from 20th Armoured Brigade Headquarters and Signal Squadron (200), Lance Corporal Gajbahadur Gurung from the Royal Gurkha Rifles, Senior Aircraftman Ryan Tomlin, of 2 Squadron, Royal Air Force Regiment, Sergeant Nigel Coupe, from 1st Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment, Corporal Jake Hartley from 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment.
Private Anthony Frampton from 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Private Christopher Kershaw from 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Private Daniel Wade from 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Private Daniel Wilford from 3rd Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, Captain Rupert Bowers, from the 2nd Battalion, The Mercian Regiment, Sergeant Luke Taylor, of the Royal Marines, Lance Corporal Michael Foley, of the Adjutant General’s Corps (Staff and Personnel Support), Corporal Jack Leslie Stanley, from The Queen’s Royal Hussars (The Queen’s Own and Royal Irish), Sapper Connor Ray, 33 Engineer Regiment (Explosive Ordnance Disposal), Guardsman Michael Roland from the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards.
Corporal Andrew Steven Roberts from 23 Pioneer Regiment The Royal Logistic Corps, Private Ratu Manasa Silibaravi from 23 Pioneer Regiment The Royal Logistic Corps, Lance Corporal Lee Thomas Davies from 1st Battalion Welsh Guards, Corporal Brent John McCarthy from Royal Air Force, Captain Stephen James Healey, 29, of 1st Battalion The Royal Welsh (The Royal Welch Fusiliers), Corporal Michael John Thacker, from 1st Battalion, The Royal Welsh, Private Gregg Thomas Stone, from 3rd Battalion, The Yorkshire Regiment, Lance Corporal James Ashworth from the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards (VICTORIA CROSS), Corporal Alex Guy of the 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment, Warrant Officer Leonard Perran Thomas of the Royal Corps of Signals.
To see original size image, select from down arrow menu at bottom right of the image field. 
Guardsman Craig Andrew Roderick of the 1st Battalion the Welsh Guards, Guardsman Apete Saunikalou Ratumaiyale Tuisovurua of the 1st Battalion the Welsh Guards, Lieutenant Andrew Robert Chesterman of the 3rd Battalion The Rifles, Lance Corporal Matthew David Smith of the Corps of Royal Engineers, Guardsman Jamie Shadrake of the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Guardsman Karl Whittle of 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Sergeant Lee Paul Davidson, The Light Dragoons, Lance Corporal Duane Groom, The Queen’s Company, 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards, Sergeant Gareth Thursby 3rd Battalion, The Yorkshire Regiment, Private Thomas Wroe, 3rd Battalion, The Yorkshire Regiment.
Sergeant Jonathan Eric Kups of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME), Captain James Anthony Townley from the Corps of Royal Engineers, Captain Carl Manley of the Royal Marines, Corporal Channing Day from 3 Medical Regiment [THIRD of three woman fatalities of the Afghan war], Corporal David O’Connor from 40 Commando Royal Marines, Lance Corporal Siddhanta Kunwar of 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Lieutenant Edward Drummond-Baxter of 1st Battalion The Royal Gurkha Rifles, Captain Walter Barrie from The Royal Scots Borderers, 1st Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland, Sapper Richard Reginald Walker from 28 Engineer Regiment, Kingsman David Robert Shaw from 1st Battalion The Duke of Lancaster’s Regiment.
Lance Corporal Jamie Webb from 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment, Private Robert Hetherington from 7th Battalion The Royal Regiment Of Scotland (7 SCOTS), Fusilier Samuel Flint from 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment Of Scotland (2 SCOTS), Corporal William Savage from 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment Of Scotland (2 SCOTS), Lance Corporal James Brynin of the Intelligence Corps, Warrant Officer Class 2 (WO2) Ian Michael Fisher from The 3rd Battalion, The Mercian Regiment (Staffords), Captain Richard Holloway from The Royal Engineers, Warrant Officer Class 2 (WO2), Sapper Adam Moralee from 32 Engineer Regiment, Captain Thomas Ellis Clarke of the Army Air Corps, Flight Lieutenant Rakesh Chauhan.
Spencer Faulkner of the Army Air Corps, Corporal James Walters of the Army Air Corps, Lance Corporal Oliver Matthew Thomas of 3 Military Intelligence Battalion, Lance Corporal Michael Campbell of the 3rd Battalion The Royal Welsh.