Related groups — g617 
Fuji Medium Format Film Cameras
All Photos Tagged g617
I probably won't send this out to get scanned for a while, so here's a
photo of the transparency on the light table.
Fuji G617 & Velvia 50
Road to Larch mountain
From an early morning drive to Sherard point on Larch mountain. Fuji g617, velvia 50
Several months ago, I posted a similar shot from this morning that I took with my Nikon.  Well, here's a scan of my favorite slide from this morning (and one of my favorites of the year).  As you can see, I got some really nice light on this August morning.  I'd love to get back here at some point in September with the aspens turning yellow and some snow on the peak, but I certainly can't complain about the beauty of the San Juans in the summer.
Sunset on the Mesquite Dunes.  
Here's a scene from last fall, when all the maples in the Wasatch went nuts and turned as bright red as I've ever seen in my life.
A foggy friday forest shot.
  Looks way better in the lightbox.
Here's another one from a few years back at sunrise on the Mesquite Dunes.  
At 1629 feet, highest point in the Chehalem mountains, and just outside Newberg.
Clouds roll through the park as they blow over the peak. Good chance of seeing this in the morning, looks like fog but actually clouds ..from the mountain tops
Here's a two shot pano from a couple years ago at the Black Canyon of the Gunnison. A thunderstorm gave way to this awesome rainbow. I had my G617 ready to shoot, but the rainbow was much too big to fit in the frame with the fixed 105mm lens.  So I had to settle for this two-shot pano on my Nikon.  
Here's the film version of a shot I posted early this past summer. After shooting a very bland and cloudless sunset here the night before, I stepped out of my tent this morning to find another dull sky.  However, ten minutes later, I found some color starting to creep into some clouds I didn't even realize were there so I grabbed all my photo gear and ran back to this spot to quickly set up.  I managed to get one film exposure off before the color faded and I was quite lucky that the exposure worked out perfectly for such a high contrast scene on a low-latitude film like Velvia.
This was probably the fifth time I've gone out to photograph this barn, but it's the first that I got something I'm truly happy with. I returned because my film from the summer before came back overexposed and I really wanted to get a good shot with my Fuji of the Moulton barn. I got pretty lucky this morning because it seemed like it was going to be a bust with too many clouds. However, about 15 minutes after the official sunrise, the sun broke through for just a brief moment and partially lit up the barn.
From the places we go
I know there's California, Oklahoma
And all of the places I ain't ever been to but
Down in the valley with
These are the places you will find me hidin'
These are the places I will always go
These are the places I will always go
I am on my way back to where I started
 by The Head and the Heart
I saw The Head and the Heart last night.  It was a good show, they closed with this song, which I have stuck in my head this morning.  I am full of thought this morning, the kind that makes me wish I was back out on this road, driving along with a song such as that one playing, the wind whipping through the open windows, for this was a good day too.  And as we make music to capture emotions we want to remember, so do we make photographs.
Here's a shot I took last fall of the brightest autumn foliage I've ever seen.  
Sunrise at Bellows Beach back in March.  I didn't get much good light at sunrise or sunset on this trip to Oahu, but watching the sun come up on this morning was really something special. I think I posted an earlier version of this from my Epson desktop scanner a while back.  Well, I just got the drum scan back and I think I like this version a little better than the earlier one.
Antelope Cliché #1: Lady in the Wind
Lower Antelope Canyon.  I got here on Sunday just a little too late for the good light.  There was some direct sunlight hitting the wall behind the arch, causing that area to be washed out.  However, while I was here, I met 
, a fellow film photographer from Las Vegas who is preparing to open his own gallery in the next couple weeks.  We both really wanted this shot and waited all day for the light to move out of the frame, but it just wouldn't happen in time.  So we both decided to return on Monday and were the first ones in line so we could set up right here and wait until the light was good.  Unfortunately, there was a photo tour that day with about 7 people that just took the fun out of the whole experience.  Whereas we pretty much had the whole place to ourselves on Sunday, we were jostling with the tour members on Monday for good positioning for all the beam shots.  Luckily, though, we didn't really have to contend with anyone else for this one.
While this shot seems to be a favorite in many galleries out there, I haven't really seen any shots of it here on flickr.  I also shot this with the G617, and I got a really good, super sharp transparency out of it - I just wish my lens on that camera was a little wider for this shot.  The 105mm was just a little too close and left me wishing I had splurged for the GX617 with a 90mm lens.
The wildflowers have been putting on quite a show lately around the Wasatch. 
taken with Fuji g617 panoramic camera
The Pacific Northwest is a pretty special place.  Sometimes it is so spectacular that I fear becoming inured to all its grandeur.  So I try to constantly remind myself just how magical the corner of the world I live in really is.
It doesn't really matter where they lead, at least not all the time.  Not when the trail itself is as enjoyable as this.  Leif Erickson Rd through Forest Park has become one of my favorite haunts these past couple of years.  It is one of those trails where every visit turns up something new around each corner, and even if nothing new turns up, everything else is still so enjoyable to experience again... and again... and again.
It also feels good to have this camera back out in the field.  It needed a shutter tune up and other projects had my focus on other cameras.  But the Fuji is exposing film once again.  One of these days I need to do a show of really big prints from this guy.
I had a buddy of mine invite me on a trip with him to Cathedral Valley for some night photography.  Knowing that my G617 is pretty much useless for any non-star-trail photos at night since it only opens up to f/8, I decided to just leave the film at home and shoot digital only.  
We had just finished shooting at the Temple of the Sun, when we decided to head over to the Temple of the Moon and check it out.  After we got there and took a look around, I started shooting the Milky Way over the Temple of the Moon.  After a few minutes we noticed a bright flash to the north.  I pointed my camera in that direction and was super excited to have a lightning bolt happen during my 25-second exposure.  Unfortunately, when I checked the image, the area around the bolts was completely blown out.  So, I lowered my ISO setting, fired off another 25-second exposure and was able to capture the very last lightning bolt from this storm.  
Temple Of The Sun Sunrise
I didn't bring any film or the G617 on this trip so here's a stitch from the Nikon.  For some reason the web sized jpg here has a ton of banding in the sky.  I can't really seem to get around it, but it's much less noticeable in the full-size stitch.
Boulders at the Jumbo Rocks area of Joshua Tree National Park. Fuji G617 Velvia 50.
The Bonneville Salt Flats
Fuji G617 w/ Velvia 50.
When I hopped out of bed on the particular morning I captured this image, this was not what I had in mind.  Avoca Beach is lined with some great big Pine trees..and I wanted to capture some nice light hitting them.  Unfortunately (or fortunately) I could tell the conditions were not going to give me shot I wanted.  Realising this on my drive there I thought about other potential compositions.  When I arrived, there were already two other photographers on the beach.  I grabbed my gear and went and said hi.  I set up my gear and waited for sunrise.  
Like I do with all (or most) photography outings I took my film and digital cameras.  This particular morning I left the battery for the digital camera charging back at the unit.  (This was a first for me!)  This meant I had film and film only.  I waited for the sun to rise, a wave to come and a bit of light hitting the clouds and this was the result.
Capture time: 29/8/14 6:31am
Last night's sunset at Devils Garden.  Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get this with the G617 since I had just finished a roll at another formation and wouldn't have had time to put another one in and still get the colors.
On the final morning of a visit to Melbourne, the sunris was a little promising but faded.  Knowing that I had to finish the roll of film I had in the camera before I went through security at the airport, I decided to set up at the end of this laneway and take a shot.  I had a few strange looks!
Velvia 100F f/32 105sec
I took this shot on a cold, foggy winters morning in July 2016.  Kane and I headed out to this location and we were aiming for conditions exactly like these!
Capture date: 03/07/2016
One of several film shots I was really excited for from a trip to Zion last fall.  This was the first time I was able to bring my 6x17 in the Narrows and I came across some great reflected light.  
What a sunrise!  I only had this one morning at the Grand Canyon, so I had just one chance to get the photo I have dreamed of capturing for some time now.  
I researched this location ahead of time but I got lucky to have had such a great sunrise. 
I wandered around in the dark for a while till I found this spot and decided this is where I would set up my camera.  It was too dark to see anything on the ground glass, so I had to calculate the hyperfocal distance, stop down my aperture to f/45 for max DoF and pray for some luck.  It paid off!
I also had to hike a few miles to get to this spot in the freezing cold, with a skunk following me for some reason, but it was worth it, and really quite enjoyable.  Standing at the edge of such a...well...grand canyon is truly a profound experience, and very humbling.
Fuji G617 | Provia 100F
Yaki Point, Grand Canyon
Please visit my blog: 
or check out my web site: 
Here's one from Yellowstone a few years ago.  It was -18 degrees F outside and somehow, I managed to convince my brother to get up for sunrise with me.  It's been a while, but I'm pretty sure this is the Firehole River right outside the Old Faithful Lodge.  It was so cold that I could barely move my fingers enough to work the camera, but I did manage to get this one shot off before calling it quits.  Most of my film from this trip was overexposed - I'm not quite sure why - but at least in this case, it was still good enough to get all the detail in a scan.
I normally try to avoid taking pictures of waterfalls or streams in this type of light but there are always exceptions. In this particular case although the light was uneven,  I really like how the trees from behind me masked off some of the early morning light but allowed just enough in to make the rocks appear as if they were glowing.  The way certain rocks stood out reminded me of golden nuggets. 
Thanks for stopping by!
No road to the mountains is ever a straight path
Nor is it ever non-stop. In a certain sense, the grandeur of a mountain range could be measured by how many stops one makes when heading toward them.  On this day, we made several and our path took us hours.
So I've been having a lot of fun with this new Epson V600 I bought.  I have tons of slides that I've shot on the G617 that I didn't think were good enough to send out for a costly drum scan, but that I still think are somewhat good.  This is one example.  The slide itself is a bit overexposed, but not so much that I had any blown-out highlights.  
This is Little Redfish Lake near Stanley, Idaho during Labor Day weekend a few years back.  Stanley has some pretty incredible temperature swings - during the day it was 75 degrees, but when I woke up for sunrise it was only 25.  Still, the Sawtooths are some of my favorite mountains to photograph, especially when you get such calm water in the lakes for reflections like these.
Sunrise, River Vaalajoki, Sodankylä, Finland.
• Fuji G617 Professional camera
• Fujinon SW 105mm f/8 lens
• Fuji ND centre filter
• 1.2 GND Hard filter
• Fujichrome Velvia RVP 50 film
Shot with a Fuji g617 a few years ago in the Columbia river gorge, Oregon.
Twilight Salt Flats and Storm
Great Salt Lake, Utah - March 2015
Provia 100f 6x17, 105mm lens
10 seconds at f32, 2 stop soft GND filter and center spot filter
Bryce Sunset Panorama
I love driving up to Bryce, it's not a bad drive, and if I get up early enough I can be taking sunset shots the same day (provided I can get through Las Vegas without any traffic). Utah has wonderful parks and if timed right you can avoid the crowds.
I went a little crazy with the panorama...I wanted you to feel you are there.
The Tianjin 's Eye local landmark
The ferris wheel on the Haihe river.Tianjin,China 
Lake Michigan, South Shore Park, Milwaukee
Coachella Valley Sunset
I decided this year to do something a little different for Thanksgiving.  I packed my camping gear and went to the desert to enjoy some nature and photography.
Seems that everyone else had that idea as well, because all the camp grounds were full!  I got one of the last spots.
It was an enjoyable day of hiking and photography, and just sitting at camp reading a book and enjoying the good life.
I took this photo from Keys View, which is a spectacular location that offers a view all the way to Mexico on clear days.
Fuji G617 | Provia 100F
Please visit my blog: 
or check out my web site: 
Fuji G617 @f16, Provia
"Maple Leaf Drive", Autumn Colour, Central Coast. 617scan (Uploaded same day)
This driveway is located on the Central Coast of NSW. Autumn is a beautiful time of year, and this location displays it well. Taken during sunrise allowed me to get a golden glow on the sides of the trees. The driveway is framed from side to side by Maple trees. The fences' strong diagonal lines direct you eyes into the image and down the 'Maple Leaf Drive'
Near Johnstown, Colorado - April 2015
Ektar 100 6x17, 105mm lens
1 second at f32, 3 stop reverse GND filter and center spot ND filter
This image was taken at Palm Cove just north of Cairns.  This particular morning I had an image in mind that I wanted to capture.....so I had my camera set up for it.....just waiting for the light. I then saw a person walking along the beach and that the sun was just poking out from behind the clouds.  I quickly turned the camera, metered the scene and waited until the person was in the right spot.  This is probably my favourite image from that particular morning.
Velvia 50 f/32 0.5secs
I just sent out 23 of my best film photos from this past year to get drum scanned and have been furiously processing since getting them back on Monday.  I hadn't ordered any scans since March, so this was pretty much all my work from 2012.  Here's one from October, when the colors were at their best out in Monte Cristo.