[the voice of enterprise and emerging tech]
CUBE SPECIAL FEATURES
	                    Electric Cloud jolts the market with new continuous integration service for mobile developers 					
Nikhil Vaze – Senior Software Engineer on the Electric Cloud Engineering Team
To say that there is an overabundance of managed development platforms on the market would be a tremendous understatement, especially as far as the mobile landscape is concerned, but one firm believes that there’s room for one more. Electric Cloud Inc. on Wednesday
 Ship.io , a continuous integration (CI) service built with the specific requirements of iOS and Android apps in mind.
The launch comes hot on the heels of Docker Inc., the most buzzed about name in the cloud, 
 a competing CI-as-a-service provider called Koality Inc. as part of an effort to monetize its namesake Linux container engine. The two firms share the same goal of improving developer productivity and shortening software release cycles, but while the platform Docker obtained through its latest deal is designed for enterprise engineers with strict security standards to uphold, Ship.io is targeting the mobile crowd.
The service is a rebranded version of the continuous integration service Electric gained as part of a continuous integration purchase of its own, a startup called CiSimple Inc. it quietly picked up a few months ago. The platform promises to automate the configuration of iOS and Android projects and everything that entails, most importantly the once labor-intensive task of optimizing an application for multiple devices with varying screen sizes.
Another advantage Ship.io boasts over more general-purpose alternatives is integration with all the latest development tools and operating systems in the mobile universe, including XCode 6, the freshly launched iOS 8 and the preview version of the forthcoming Android release. Plus, the platform allows users to tap into online code repositories for the Git revision control software directly from the native interface.
That extensive third party support not only enables developers to exploit the new technologies hitting market but also incorporate Ship.io into their existing toolchains. That’s helpful for individual developers and even more so for large teams, which Electric Cloud says can also utilize the service to monitor the most up-to-date builds. And the platform doesn’t stop there, making it possible for users to roll out those builds to users over-the-air or leveraging popular distribution tools like TestFlight and HockeyApp.
… We’d like to tell you about our mission and how you can help us fulfill it. SiliconANGLE Media Inc.’s business model is based on the intrinsic value of the content, not advertising. Unlike many online publications, we don’t have a paywall or run banner advertising, because we want to keep our journalism open, without influence or the need to chase traffic.
The journalism, reporting and commentary on 
 — along with live, unscripted video from our Silicon Valley studio and globe-trotting video teams at 
 — take a lot of hard work, time and money. Keeping the quality high requires the support of sponsors who are aligned with our vision of ad-free journalism content.
If you like the reporting, video interviews and other ad-free content here, please take a moment to check out a sample of the video content supported by our sponsors, 
, and keep coming back to 
New Docker release gives enterprises a way to maintain their oldest legacy apps
Medici Ventures bitcoin wallet provider Bitsy to open testing on Monday
After global walkout, Google rewrites policy on sexual misconduct cases
DJI vulnerability could have allowed hackers to steal drone data
With an enterprise focus, HTC brings standalone Vive Focus VR headset to US and Europe
Dropbox sees shares rise again as it beats earnings expectations
New Docker release gives enterprises a way to maintain their oldest legacy apps
Medici Ventures bitcoin wallet provider Bitsy to open testing on Monday
After global walkout, Google rewrites policy on sexual misconduct cases
DJI vulnerability could have allowed hackers to steal drone data
With an enterprise focus, HTC brings standalone Vive Focus VR headset to US and Europe
Dropbox sees shares rise again as it beats earnings expectations
Explore more videos at
How startups can thrive in 'throwaway technology' era: tips from tech legend Alan Boehme
Can the cool crew at Dell Boomi impress cloud snobs?
Now in session, Splunk for IIoT at UConn
How nerds are meeting actual astronomical analytics demands
Big data behemoth Splunk is small-talking on industry use cases
Get our personalized daily newsletter.
										2018 SiliconANGLE Media Inc. All rights reserved.
Consumer or Enterprise?
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 Continue with Social Login
 Continue with Social Login
EXTRACT THE SIGNAL FROM THE NOISE
Like Free Content? Subscribe to follow.
We employ the use of cookies. 