The ELIKA insider is brought to you by Elika Real Estate, New York's leading buyer's brokerage.
Move from Australia to New York City
How to Move from Australia to New York City
New York City is a destination like no other. It’s vast, it’s full of famous landmarks, and it has been immortalized in songs, film, theater, and literature. Moving to 
New York City is a dream for so many Australians
, so how can you make a move?
Step One: Find Your International Removalist
You can’t move across the world by yourself. You need help, and the best way to find this help is to lock down a 
quality international removalist
. This step is so important because your removalist will do much more than just freight your goods to your new home. They’ll help you through every step of the process, from guiding you through the visa application process to relocating your pet.
Step Two: Applying for a Visa
This is stepping one, but if you’ve found a quality removalist, they’ll make this step a lot easier. You need to apply for a U.S. visa before you leave Australia. You also need to complete this process in person, by going to your local 
. Offices are located in Melbourne, Perth, Canberra, and Sydney. Give yourself plenty of time to complete this process, as there can be roadblocks. The process consists of an interview with a consular employee, and you’ll need to have all of your documents in order before you attend. Additionally reportedly 1000 Aussies on an average win the 
 per year so this too would be worth trying.
Step Three: Acclimatisation
Moving overseas is a massive undertaking, and to make a move a little easier when you arrive, it’s a good idea to try and go for a short visit before you make the big move. This is particularly important if you have young children, as it will allow you to 
 visit the area you plan on moving to, and get your kids used to the idea of making a move. It will also give you a chance to visit neighborhoods and properties to help picture yourself in your new home and find the perfect option.
Step Four: Finding the Right Home
New York is an enormous city, made up of many distinctive neighborhoods. You don’t just want to pick a place on a map and find a house; you need expert knowledge on hand. The best way to find the right home is to get in touch with a 
local real estate agent
, so they can start sending you property listings best suited for your individual needs so then you can visit all available options during your short visit before 
. While it is possible and many buyers and renters do secure apartments without actually visiting the property, this is not advised unless you trust the advice of your agent. Getting off at the airport and already having a short list of apartments to visit our home ready to will remove a lot of the stress from the move.
New York City carries some of the highest property prices in the world. Don’t fall into the trap of thinking that you have to live central to enjoy all that the city has to offer. NYC has an extensive 
public transport network
, meaning you can reach the all the main attractions even if you live in Brooklyn or Queens.
Step Five: Finding Work
Finding work in such a big city, with such a competitive job market is tough. In an ideal world, you’ll have a job organized before you land, but this isn’t always possible. To make things easier, you should engage the services of respected employment agencies. The American Australian Association is a trusted, not-for-profit organization that is dedicated to helping Australians settle into New York and find their feet.
 Step One: Find Your International Removalist
 Step Two: Applying for a Visa
 Step Three: Acclimatisation
 Step Four: Finding the Right Home
 Step Five: Finding Work
Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
Understanding an Offering Plan in NYC
The Premier Agent StreetEasy Buyers Program
By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use.
Buying vs Renting: Should I Buy or Rent an Apartment?
443 Greenwich Street Condominium
How to Write a Cover Letter for a Co-op Application?
First-Time Home Buyer’s Guide
How to Complete the REBNY Financial Statement Form?
How to Run a Comparative Market Analysis the Right Way
NYC Real Estate Cheat Sheet: 147 Terms You Need to Know
How to Complete a Co-op Board Application?
By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use.
First-Time Home Buyer’s Guide
The Complete Guide to Buying an Apartment in NYC
How to Invest in NYC Real Estate: Getting Started
The Complete Guide to Buying a Townhouse NYC
The Guide to Buying New Development Condos
Find the Best Real Estate in NYC – Think Micro
What is the Best Way to Sell My NYC Apartment?
Renting in NYC: How to Rent an Apartment in NYC
Everything you need to know about Buying a Co-op in NYC
By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use.
The ELIKA insider is a one-stop-shop for insider news and advice on finding a New York City home to fixing it up, and fitting it out with style and know-how. Brought to you by Elika Real Estate, New York's leading buyer's brokerage.
Why Did You Show Me a Home With a Contract Out?
What is a Duplex Apartment in NYC and Should You Buy One?
Pros and Cons of NYC Boroughs
The Rental Brokerage Fee in NYC Explained
New York City Real Estate Lifestyle
Input your search keywords and press Enter.