Port Authority of New York and New Jersey
Related groups — Port Authority of New York and New Jersey 
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey (PANYNJ)
LGA: New York LaGuardia Airport
WTC Transit Hub - Oculus
All Photos Tagged Port Authority of New York and New Jersey
George washington Bridge Superball Lights
The George Washington Bridge isn’t taking sides. It will be lit up in Bronco orange and Seahawk green for the Super Bowl.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey installed 156 orange and green LED lights on the bridge between the two states.
The George Washington Bridge is also featured on the NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee’s logo.
The GWB - One of the Landmarks in NYC
The George Washington Bridge – known informally as the GW Bridge,[4] the GWB,[5] the GW,[6] or the George[7] – is a double-decked suspension bridge spanning the Hudson River between the Washington Heights neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City and Fort Lee, New Jersey. As of 2016, the George Washington Bridge carried over 103 million vehicles per year,[8] making it the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge.[9][10] It is owned by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, a bi-state government agency that operates several bridges, tunnels and airports, as well as marine seaports, and the PATH rapid transit system.
George Washington Bridge
Longest 1931 until 1937
16th Longest Suspension Bridge in the world.
Historical Park, Fort Lee, New Jersey
George Washington Bridge /Superball lights
The George Washington Bridge isn’t taking sides. It will be lit up in Bronco orange and Seahawk green for the Super Bowl.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey installed 156 orange and green LED lights on the bridge between the two states.
The George Washington Bridge is also featured on the NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee’s logo.
							by Christian Krieglsteiner
My FB Photography Page
One World Trade Center (1 WTC) is the main building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City, New York. The 104-story supertall skyscraper is being constructed in the northwest corner of the 16-acre World Trade Center site, occupying the location where the original 8-story 6 World Trade Center once stood. The building is bounded to the west by West Street, to the north by Vesey Street, to the south by Fulton Street, and to the east by Washington Street. Construction on below-ground utility relocations, footings, and foundations for the building began on April 27, 2006. The tower's steel structure topped out on August 30, 2012, and work is currently underway on its spire.
By the time of its scheduled completion in late 2013, One World Trade Center will be the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere and the third-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in commemoration of the year of American independence. It has been the tallest building in New York City since April 30, 2012. On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building will be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower. The new World Trade Center complex will also feature three other high-rise office buildings, located along Greenwich Street, and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, located just south of One World Trade Center, where the Twin Towers once stood. The construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild following the destruction of the original World Trade Center complex during the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
The George Washington Bridge
The George Washington Bridge (known informally as the GW Bridge, the GWB, the GW, or the George) is a suspension bridge spanning the Hudson River, connecting the Washington Heights neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan in New York City to Fort Lee in New Jersey.
All Paths Lead To This One
							by Dana D [insta: mediafury]
World Trade Centre 1986
The original World Trade Center was designed by Minoru Yamasaki in the early 1960s using a tube-frame structural design for the twin 110-story towers. In gaining approval for the project, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey agreed to take over the Hudson & Manhattan Railroad which became the Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH). Groundbreaking for the World Trade Center took place on August 5, 1966. The North Tower  was completed in December 1970 and the South Tower was finished in July 1971. Construction of the World Trade Center involved excavating a large amount of material which was used in making Battery Park City on the west side of Lower Manhattan.
Downtown Skyline (1 WTC completed)
							by Christian Krieglsteiner
My FB Photography Page
One World Trade Center (1 WTC) is the main building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City, New York. The 104-story supertall skyscraper is being constructed in the northwest corner of the 16-acre World Trade Center site, occupying the location where the original 8-story 6 World Trade Center once stood. The building is bounded to the west by West Street, to the north by Vesey Street, to the south by Fulton Street, and to the east by Washington Street. Construction on below-ground utility relocations, footings, and foundations for the building began on April 27, 2006. The tower's steel structure topped out on August 30, 2012, and work is currently underway on its spire.
By the time of its scheduled completion in late 2013, One World Trade Center will be the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere and the third-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in commemoration of the year of American independence. It has been the tallest building in New York City since April 30, 2012. On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building will be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower. The new World Trade Center complex will also feature three other high-rise office buildings, located along Greenwich Street, and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, located just south of One World Trade Center, where the Twin Towers once stood. The construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild following the destruction of the original World Trade Center complex during the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
George Washington Bridge at Sunrise
This is a shot of the GWB at sunrise.  This is a pretty well known bridge, but for those of you that might not know, it's the bridge that connects NY and NJ across the Hudson River.  Interstate 95, which runs from Maine to Florida, runs across as well.
I got lucky with some nice clouds overhead and the camera did the rest!
Press L for a black background and 
click here for the 1500x1000 sized version to see more detail.
Thanks for looking!  Hope you liked it!
Update (1-7-10 07:15 EST):  
Thanks for all the comments on this photo.  I really appreciate it!
Follow me on Facebook. I've posted a lot of my photographs there!
This is passenger platform of the 9th Street Station of the NYNJ Port Authorities PATH which stands for the Port Authority Trans-Hudson taken in early March 2015.  Interestingly enough, the planning and start of these subterranean tunnels actually precedes the earliest of the New York City Subway oldest line the IRT.  Planning actually started in 1873 and in 1874 Dewitt Clinton Haskins raised sufficient capital and the building of 1,000 feet of tunnel was accomplished.  The building was unceremoniously halted when an accident cost the lives of 20 workers.  After another failed re-start planned in 1890 fizzled out, William Gibbs McAdoo and Charles Jacobs got the ball rolling again in 1900, running the first test train in December of 1907.  On February 25, 1908, sitting US President Theodore Roosevelt received a telegraph message from the train station and Mr. Roosevelt pressed a button which was linked to the Tubes power station that turned on the electricity and service began from 19th Street in Manhattan to Hoboken.  The Hudson and Manhattan Railroad was born and would eventually become known as H&M Tubes.  Just as all railways felt the pain of the burgeoning automobile, so did the H&M Tubes as the Holland Tunnel was built between its Jersey City and Hoboken stations, the Lincoln Tunnel built to the north of the Hoboken station and eventually the George Washington Bridge, the company fell in to bankruptcy in the 1950’s.  The Port Authority built the original World Trade Center on H&M Tubes Hudson Terminal in Manhattan, leveraging the H&M’s infrastructure, preserving the tunnels and started PATH in the 1960’s.  Taken with Olympus E-5 with Olympus Zuiko Digital 12-60mm F2.8-4.0 lens post processing Adobe Lightroom.
Downtown Manhattan skyline with the new World Trade Center. It is now the tallest building in the western hemisphere.
From wikipedia: One World Trade Center (also 1 World Trade Center or 1 WTC, dubbed the Freedom Tower during initial basework) is the name of two buildings. It most commonly refers to the primary building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City, and the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere.[10] The 104-story supertall structure, which shares a name with the northern Twin Tower in the original World Trade Center that was destroyed in the September 11 attacks, stands on the northwest corner of the 16-acre (6.5 ha) World Trade Center site, on the site of the original 6 World Trade Center. The building is bordered to the west by West Street, to the north by Vesey Street, to the south by Fulton Street, and to the east by Washington Street. Construction on below-ground utility relocations, footings, and foundations for the building began on April 27, 2006.[11] On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building would be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower.[1]
Seen on Explore. Thank you!!!
Sunset @ George Washington Bridge
The George Washington Bridge isn’t taking sides. It will be lit up in Bronco orange and Seahawk green for the Super Bowl.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey installed 156 orange and green LED lights on the bridge between the two states.
The George Washington Bridge is also featured on the NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee’s logo.
Tallest Building in the USA - Freedom Tower (One World Trade Center), Manhattan, NY
One World Trade Center is the primary building of the new World Trade Center complex in New York City's Lower Manhattan and is the tallest building (541m,  104 floors) in the United States and Western Hemisphere.  The 104-story supertall skyscraper stands on the northwest corner of the 16-acre  World Trade Center site, on the site of the original 6 World Trade Center.  On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building would be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower.]Wikipedia
If one could transport oneself 100 to 110 years back in time, approach this area on the southeastern shore on the water of Brooklyn on the East River, one would approach and pass the venerable ‘old’ Brooklyn Bridge with the Fulton Ferry Terminal to is immediate south and in the horizon would be the relatively new Manhattan Bridge on the shore between these two tall bridges an area today called DUMBO would be two distinct structures the larger Empire Coffee Warehouse  and the smaller St Ann’s Tobacco Warehouse.  Back at the turn of century, the shores of the East River were lined with warehouses and factories that received sea vessel either bringing or taking was being manufactured or stored in Brooklyn, up through Williamsburg with its Domino’s Sugar Plant and further north to the borough of Queens and Pepsi Cola in Long Island City all along the East River shores were a massive cradle of commerce that supplied much of the Northeast and much of the country in some cases.  Now, most of the structures have been taken down, now the tide is residential, easy access to Manhattan the lure, very few original structures remain.  One such structure which miraculously was saved from the wrecking ball though it was literally falling to pieces was the Empire Stores Coffee Warehouse 53-83 Water Street located just south of the Manhattan Bridge.  Empire Store predecessor had a wooden structure that burned down in 1868 in this same location just after the US Civil War.  In 1869, a Manhattan based firm Nesmith & Sons completed the first stage of construction of the brick masonry, schist structural walls and large heavy frame timber Empire Stores warehouses that would continue until 1885.   Upon the completion of the Brooklyn Bridge, the area directly below the bridge, including the Fulton Ferry and the surrounding businesses started to see a decrease in foot traffic that only got worse as the construction of the Manhattan Bridge continued.   As the area started to become more and more dilapidated, eventually at the turn of the century in 1901, Brooklyn witnessed the largest foreclosure sale of its history, the New York Dock Company (which succeeded the Brooklyn Wharf and Warehouse Company) purchased two and half miles of Brooklyn’s industrial waterfront stretching from the Empire Stores at the Brooklyn Bridge down to Red Hook’s Erie Basin.  Arbuckle Brothers, at the time the coffee kingpins, acquired Empire Stores to be a packing, refining and storage facility for sugar and coffee in 192O which only added to already impressive holdings that the Arbuckle Brothers had in Brooklyn.  Arbuckle was probably the late 19th Century’s Starbucks, when they moved to Brooklyn in 1881, they eventually built massive coffee plants with the machine Arbuckle developed the efficiently roast, ground and packaged coffee into small bags that allowed Arbuckle’s coffee to be mass distributed throughout the United States, their first coffee patented under the name Arbuckle Ariosa.  The Empire Stores were used by Arbuckle well into the 1930’s.  Sparingly used when the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway and the Brooklyn Promenade construction was completed by the destruction of many waterfront warehouses in Brooklyn, the Empire Stores survived and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey utilized the Empire Stores as part of the Brooklyn Marine Terminal.  That would last about a decade when the Empire Stores were completed vacated and abandoned, nearing the century mark, the building was showing its age.  It would remain vacant and abandoned for 50 years, and finally in 2013 Mayor Bloomberg announces that Midtown Equities to develop the Empire Stores.  There were variations since then but the core plan remained with a rooftop addition, a central courtyard and retail space.  Much like the Chelsea Market in Manhattan (former NABISCO Plants) the Empire Stores retain much of their historic charm including retaining era specific elements like coffee chutes and hoisting wheels, the distinct windows which have been given an absolutely cool lighting treatment as can be seen in this image that I captured from Jane’s Carousel.  In the foto you can also see the fascinating accessible rooftop area that allows views of Manhattan.  Just another reason to visit DUMBO (Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass) in Brooklyn, a place I remember as a 19 year old that you could speed around in your car because it was generally desolate, now a burgeoning hipster paradise, but with a lot of history preserved so moving into the future while paying tribute and acknowledgement to the past.
Taken with Olympus E-5 with Olympus Zuiko Digital ED 12-60mm F2.8-4.0 SWD lens handheld processed in Adobe Photoshop Lightroom.
World Trade Center 03 
image of WTC in Lower Manhattan - at 1776 feet tall it is the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere 
locator:  MNE_3083_tonemapped
image by Photo George
copyright ©2013 GCheatle
Soaring above the city at 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is America's tallest building - and an indelible New York landmark. Designed by David M. Childs of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the 3-million-square-foot building includes office space, an observation deck and world-class restaurants.
The building was initially developed by Silverstein Properties and taken over by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in April 2006. It is expected to be open in 2014. 
The 104-story building will feature a grand lobby and observation deck with unparalleled views. Currently, the building is 55% leased to tenants Conde Nast, Vantone China Center, and the U.S. General Services.
Sustainable design is central to One WTC's development, integrating renewable energy, interior daylighting, reuse of rainwater, and recycled construction debris and materials. The below-grade concourses will include approximately 55,000 square feet of retail space and connect to an extensive transportation network. 
One WTC incorporates advanced life-safety systems that exceed New York City building code requirements. From structural redundancy to dense fireproofing to biochemical filters, it creates a new standard for high-rise buildings. Extra-wide pressurized stairs, multiple backups on emergency lighting, and concrete protection for all sprinklers ensure optimal firefighter access. Exits are designed to ensure easy evacuation, and all safety systems are encased in the core wall, with the enhanced elevators. 
Safe, sustainable, artistically dynamic - One WTC stands as a shining beacon for New York's Downtown.                                       
One World Trade Center
							by Christian Krieglsteiner
My FB Photography Page
One World Trade Center (1 WTC) is the main building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City, New York. The 104-story supertall skyscraper is being constructed in the northwest corner of the 16-acre World Trade Center site, occupying the location where the original 8-story 6 World Trade Center once stood. The building is bounded to the west by West Street, to the north by Vesey Street, to the south by Fulton Street, and to the east by Washington Street. Construction on below-ground utility relocations, footings, and foundations for the building began on April 27, 2006. The tower's steel structure topped out on August 30, 2012, and work is currently underway on its spire.
By the time of its scheduled completion in late 2013, One World Trade Center will be the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere and the third-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in commemoration of the year of American independence. It has been the tallest building in New York City since April 30, 2012. On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building will be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower. The new World Trade Center complex will also feature three other high-rise office buildings, located along Greenwich Street, and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, located just south of One World Trade Center, where the Twin Towers once stood. The construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild following the destruction of the original World Trade Center complex during the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
Viewing the ever growing World Trade Center in lower Manhattan from across the Hudson River in Exchange Place Jersey City New Jersey. Exchange place was the station of the furthest east in New Jersey of the Hudson & Manhattan Railroad. The Hudson & Manhattan Railroad eventually became H&M Hudson Tubes and was in bankruptcy when they were purchased by the Port Authority in the early 60's. The Port Authority created PATH and as part of the original World Trade Center construction they tore down the very large H&M Hudson Tubes terminal in lower Manhattan where today a large portion of the current WTC Complex is built. Along with the H&M Hudson Tubes terminal, the World Trade Center project required the razing of what used to be called 'Radio Row' because of the concentration of shops that sold old transistor tubes and old television parts.
George Washington Bridge (from an unusual perspective)
Now available in FULL SIZE at 
As of 2007, the George Washington Bridge has the greatest vehicular capacity of any bridge in the world, carrying approximately 106 million vehicles per year, making it the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge, according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey - the bi-state government agency that owns and operates several area bridges, tunnels, and airports. (wikipedia)
Getting to this vantage point involved life threatening risks!   But i think it was worth it.  I took this picture from the very top & edge of a cliff!   A very tall one!  I hope you like it :D
George Washington Bridge at night - 5k pixel Panorama
(EXPLORED!)  :D   - jan 3rd 2012
(the original is actually 18,000 pixels wide) but you can see a 5000 pixel wide version 
 *dont forget to scroll!  
As of 2007, the George Washington Bridge has the greatest vehicular capacity of any bridge in the world, carrying approximately 106 million vehicles per year, making it the world's busiest motor vehicle bridge, according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey - the bi-state government agency that owns and operates several area bridges, tunnels, and airports. (wikipedia)
Getting to this vantage point involved life threatening risks!   But i think it was worth it.  I took this picture from the very top & edge of a cliff!   A very tall one!  I hope you like it :D
Brooklyn Beacon "tribute in light"
I started my evening in Jersey City at Liberty State Park paying respect to the fallen at the the "empty sky memorial" until the park closed around 10p. Immediately following the close, i hoped in the car and ventured into brooklyn Where i made this Image.
 I have always wanted to capture the Iconic Brooklyn bridge and tonight was a great night. With the 911 memorial "tribute in Light" beacons lit i knew i had the perfect opportunity to capture a historic event.
 This memorial is a monument to the men and women that lost their lives in the tragedy of September 11, 2001 when 2 commercial airplanes crashed into the World Trade Center towers "twin towers" in lower manhattan. In honor of the 3000 plus lives lost that day, each year 2 beacons of light are illuminated from the former spot the towers once stood. This Image is dedicated to the fallen. its been 11 years since the tragedy and i still haven't forgotten 
Bajo Manhattan y WTC (Ex Freedom Tower) - New York (USA)
							by Jorge Leon Cabello
Elevándose por encima de la ciudad en 541 metros, One World Trade Center es el edificio más alto de Estados Unidos - y un imborrable monumento de Nueva York. Diseñado por David M. Childs de Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, el edificio de 3 millones de pies cuadrados, incluye espacio de oficinas, una plataforma de observación y restaurantes de clase mundial.
El edificio fue desarrollado inicialmente por Silverstein Properties y tomada por la Autoridad Portuaria de Nueva York y Nueva Jersey en abril de 2006. Se espera que sea abierto en 2014.
El edificio de 104 pisos contará con un gran vestíbulo y la plataforma de observación con vistas incomparables. Actualmente, el edificio es de 55% arrendadas a inquilinos Conde Nast, Vantone de China Center, y los Servicios Generales de los Estados Unidos.
Soaring above the city at 1,776 feet, One World Trade Center is America's tallest building - and an indelible New York landmark. Designed by David M. Childs of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the 3-million-square-foot building includes office space, an observation deck and world-class restaurants.
The building was initially developed by Silverstein Properties and taken over by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in April 2006. It is expected to be open in 2014. 
The 104-story building will feature a grand lobby and observation deck with unparalleled views. Currently, the building is 55% leased to tenants Conde Nast, Vantone China Center, and the U.S. General Services.
Oculas - New York City
Oculus Transportation Center
The World Trade Center Transportation Hub is the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's formal name for the new PATH station and the associated transit and retail complex that opened on March 3, 2016. The station's renaming took place when the station reopened. It was designed by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava and composed of a train station with a large and open mezzanine under the National September 11 Memorial plaza. This mezzanine is connected to an aboveground head house structure called the Oculus—located between 2 World Trade Center and 3 World Trade Center.
It’s been a couple years since the new World Trade Center (WTC) Transportation Hub or Oculus opened at the WTC site. It definitely is a unique structure, described by some as a cross between a porcupine and a stegosaurus it is the 4 billion dollar design of Santiago Calatrava with larger interior space the Grand Central Station’s Grand Concourse that replaced the old underground station that was completely destroyed by the tragic events of September 11, 2001. It is probably the most expensive train station every built at a cost of 4 billion. A marvelous structure inside and out, this image is of the interior. The US taxpayers via the federal government provided 2.87 billion of the 4 billion dollar cost. Now going to the station during rush hour, my observation is while there is a lot of foot traffic as commuters move across the to the underground walkway to the Fulton Center, it’s not in the same zip code as the traffic of Grand Central Station and Pennsylvania Station. Looking at the actual figures the estimate for daily commuters is 46,000 PATH riders a day compared with Grand Central Stations 208,000 daily Metro North riders. So some state it as much a 4 billion shopping mall as much as a transit hub, with beautiful Italian marble floors, it certainly a beautiful structure but like many structures it is far different from Calatrava’s original design. The cost is double what originally was estimated in 2005 2 billion dollar estimate. 
The original design had far fewer spines, and the spines moved & opened to the sky to provide fresh air to enter the Oculus.  Well the cost of doing these moving components was way too prohibitive so that got taken out of the plan.  Sounds like a cost saving?  Well then Mayor Michael Bloomberg’s security folks did not deem the original design with the spines holding all the weight very stable or sufficiently strong to withstand an explosive device.  Solution, double the number of spines, more cost.  Then they continuously wanted the timetable moved up, that cost money too, so the final bill about 4 billion.  So part of the fallout of the September 11, 2001 attacks were the physical destruction of one of the busiest areas in lower Manhattan.  Well much posturing and squabbling went on between Silverstein, the Port Authority of New York New Jersey, the City of New York and the State of New York on what the rebuild was going to be 4 years went by and after that more delays.  Heck One World Trade Center construction did emerge from the ‘tub’ until 2012. In the meantime, the former tenants and companies that occupied the original World Trade Center mourned their dead and had to move on & get back to business.    Only 22 % of the tenants stayed downtown, more than half to office locations in midtown and about 15% moved across the Hudson River to New Jersey when in Jersey City the former World Headquarters of Colgate and old warehouses were torn down to build new and beautiful office space.  Even today, progress in the city has towers going up on Manhattan Island, many a mix of office and residential the competition for tenants is fierce.  The massive Hudson Yard in midtown has millions of square footage of office space so time will tell if this massive station will ever get a decent return in investment it certainly isn’t the case right now.  At least it is a cool mall and a beautiful open space where events can be held.
In this image, the western sun later in the day mixes with the lights that will light its interior at night.  The open space lets in an incredible amount of light, but one more complaint.  The exits…for an edifice so expansive, it sure isn’t easy to find a quick way to the street.
Taken on Olympus E-5 using an Olympus Zuiko Digital ED 12-60mm F2.8-4.0 SWD lens handheld, 5 RAW image HDR processed in Photomatix Pro and cleaned up in Adobe Photoshop Lightroom.
							by Christian Krieglsteiner
My FB Photography Page
One World Trade Center (1 WTC) is the main building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City, New York. The 104-story supertall skyscraper is being constructed in the northwest corner of the 16-acre World Trade Center site, occupying the location where the original 8-story 6 World Trade Center once stood. The building is bounded to the west by West Street, to the north by Vesey Street, to the south by Fulton Street, and to the east by Washington Street. Construction on below-ground utility relocations, footings, and foundations for the building began on April 27, 2006. The tower's steel structure topped out on August 30, 2012, and work is currently underway on its spire.
By the time of its scheduled completion in late 2013, One World Trade Center will be the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere and the third-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in commemoration of the year of American independence. It has been the tallest building in New York City since April 30, 2012. On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building will be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower. The new World Trade Center complex will also feature three other high-rise office buildings, located along Greenwich Street, and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, located just south of One World Trade Center, where the Twin Towers once stood. The construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild following the destruction of the original World Trade Center complex during the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
The George Washington Bridge isn’t taking sides. It will be lit up in Bronco orange and Seahawk green for the Super Bowl.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey installed 156 orange and green LED lights on the bridge between the two states.
The George Washington Bridge is also featured on the NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee’s logo.
Edwin B. Forsythe NWR
The D800's wide dynamic range makes dealing with backlighting a lot more fun than it used to be! 
Making sense of light is one of the more compelling elements of nature photography for me. I seem to keep talking about it, at any rate.
A more uplifting story about this irruption, in light of the NY/NJ Port Authority's irritating decision simply to shoot the owls that have had the misfortune to land at New York City airports.
Port Authority comes to its senses!
The George Washington Bridge (known informally as the GW Bridge, the GWB, the GW, or the George) is a suspension bridge spanning the Hudson River, connecting the Washington Heights neighborhood in the borough of Manhattan in New York City to Fort Lee in New Jersey. Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 1/9 cross the river via the bridge. U.S. Route 46, which is entirely in New Jersey, ends halfway across the bridge at the state border.
World Trade Center and Statue of Liberty from Bayonne's Military Ocean Terminal
The original World Trade Center was a complex with seven buildings featuring landmark twin towers in Lower Manhattan, New York City, United States. The complex opened on April 4, 1973, and was destroyed in 2001 during the September 11 attacks. The site is being rebuilt with five new skyscrapers and a memorial to the casualties of the attacks. As of November 2011, only one skyscraper has been completed, with four more expected to be completed before 2020. One World Trade Center will be the lead building for the new complex and is expected to be finished by 2013. A sixth tower is still awaiting confirmation to be built. At the time of their completion, the original 1 and 2 World Trade Center, known colloquially as the Twin Towers, were the tallest buildings in the world.
The complex was designed in the early 1960s by Minoru Yamasaki and Associates of Troy, Michigan, and Emery Roth and Sons of New York.[2] The twin 110-story towers used a tube-frame structural design. To gain approval for the project, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey agreed to take over the Hudson & Manhattan Railroad, which became the Port Authority Trans-Hudson (PATH). Groundbreaking for the World Trade Center took place on August 5, 1966. The North Tower (1) was completed in December 1972 and the South Tower (2) was finished in July 1973. The construction project involved excavating a large amount of material, which was later used as landfill to build Battery Park City on the west side of Lower Manhattan. The cost for the construction was $400 million ($2,300,000,000 in 2012 dollars).[3] The complex was located in the heart of New York City's downtown financial district and contained 13.4 million square feet (1.24 million m2) of office space.[4][5] The Windows on the World restaurant was located on the 106th and 107th floors of 1 World Trade Center (the North Tower) while the Top of the World observation deck was located on the 107th floor of 2 World Trade Center (the South Tower). Other World Trade Center buildings included the Marriott World Trade Center; 4 World Trade Center; 5 World Trade Center; 6 World Trade Center, which housed the United States Customs. All of these buildings were built between 1975 and 1981. The final building constructed was 7 World Trade Center, which was built in 1985. The second King Kong was filmed in 1976 with some scenes mentioning and showing the World Trade Center. The World Trade Center experienced a fire on February 13, 1975, and a bombing on February 26, 1993. In 1998, the Port Authority decided to privatize the World Trade Center, leasing the buildings to a private company to manage, and awarded the lease to Silverstein Properties in July 2001.
On the morning of September 11, 2001, Al-Qaeda-affiliated hijackers flew two 767 jets into the complex, one into each tower, in a coordinated terrorist attack. After burning for 56 minutes, the South Tower (2) collapsed, followed a half-hour later by the North Tower (1), with the attacks on the World Trade Center resulting in 2,753 deaths.[6] 7 World Trade Center collapsed later in the day and the other buildings, although they did not collapse, had to be demolished because they were damaged beyond repair. The process of cleanup and recovery at the World Trade Center site took eight months. The first new building at the site was 7 World Trade Center, which opened in May 2006. The Lower Manhattan Development Corporation (LMDC), established in November 2001 to oversee the rebuilding process, organized competitions to select a site plan and memorial design. Memory Foundations, designed by Daniel Libeskind, was selected as the master plan, but this went through substantial changes in design. The new World Trade Center complex will include One World Trade Center, three other high-rise office towers, and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum.
End of the line on the PATH train (from Jersey City, NJ) at 33rd street station in New York City. 
Please view on black and large:
PATH trains to New Jersey
The inside of the "Oculus" view of the new PATH station at the new World Trade Center Transportation Hub, New York City. Single image shot, cropped down and Selective Color processed for the Happy Slider Sunday Group - HSS 
I just learned that the Outerbridge Crossing (connecting Staten Island with New Jersey) is named after an actual person - the first Chairman of the Port Authority of New York, Eugenius Harvey Outerbridge. I've gone over that bridge dozens of times, and I always thought it got its name because it was the outer most bridge in New York City. I'm truly embarrassed!
South Shore, Staten Island, New York City
Hell's Kitchen, New York City on August 5, 2012
:copyright: 2013 Steve Kelley
Available via Getty Images at:    [ 
View from the roof of the Orion Building on 42nd and 9th looking towards an incoming storm overlooking Hell's Kitchen, Port Authority, Hudson River, and New Jersey in the distance.
Tonight, there will be fireworks at the Statue of Liberty and a very good chance of lightning. I am planning to shoot from Liberty State Park.
Nikon D800 - [HDR - 5 exposures]
One World Trade Center, Dusk.
One World Trade Center, more simply known as 1 WTC and previously known as the Freedom Tower, is the lead building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City. On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority confirmed that the building would be known by its legal name of One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower.
At the time of its completion in 2013, One World Trade Center will be the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere and the third-tallest building in the world by pinnacle height, with its spire reaching a symbolic 1,776 feet (541.3 m) in reference to the year of American independence.
PATH train car at the World Trade Center PATH Station in New York City.  
Headed back late in the evening home to Jersey City, NJ all alone.
Please view on black and large:
New York in the Eyes of the Newcomer
							by TIA INTERNATIONAL PHOTOGRAPHY
TIA’S LATEST PHOTO VIDEO:  “Can’t Get New York Out of My Head"
This is the renovated PATH (Port Authority Trans-Hudson) station located at the World Trade Center in Lower Manhattan. There was a time when this lifestyle was my reality, commuting between Exchange Place in Jersey City and Midtown Manhattan everyday. It is now my sister’s reality, only she will have to drive in NY traffic to Westchester County starting next month.  I wish her a lot of patience and good humor!
I imagine, for some who step into Manhattan for the very first time, this image might be the scene they initially encounter. . .and one is not even at street level yet!
You look to your left, and even the turtles are passing you by. You blink your eyes, and you’ve possibly missed 100 things that just happened.
The pace of this city is forever rapid, and does not stop for you, nor does it forgive you if you should decide to stop. NYC always appears to be a ride for which you must always be ready. . .
Some of you may remember Madonna’s “Ray of Light” single (from 1998).  I now recall its very manic, high-speed music video, and this photo appears to be an excerpt taken right out of it!
New photos of New York City are finally available on my 
TIA INTERNATIONAL PHOTOGRAPHY
The Port Authority of New York & New Jersey, Emergency Service Unit (ESU)
							by Developing Now Photography
The mighty & iconic George Washington Bridge connecting New Jersey to the great Metropolis.
							by Lens Wide-Open Photography (Joey)
The Metro-North Commuter Railroad (reporting mark MNCR), trading as MTA Metro-North Railroad or Metro-North, is a suburban commuter rail service run by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), an authority of New York State. It is the busiest commuter railroad in the United States in terms of monthly ridership.[1] Metro–North runs service between New York City and its northern suburbs in New York and Connecticut, including, in New York State, Port Jervis, Spring Valley, Poughkeepsie, and Wassaic; in Connecticut, New Canaan, Danbury, Waterbury, and New Haven. Metro-North also provides local rail service within New York City with a reduced fare.
The MTA also operates New York City Transit subways and buses, as well as the Long Island Rail Road, and has jurisdiction, through Metro-North, over railroad lines on the western and eastern portions of the Hudson River in New York State. Service on the western side of the Hudson is operated by New Jersey Transit under contract with the MTA. Metro-North operates 120 stations.
[ 1/100 | ƒ/2 | ISO 400 | 35 mm ]
Church St, New York, NY 10006
Santiago Calatrava, 2016
"Everyone knows that the World Trade Center Transportation Hub, designed by Santiago Calatrava, was insanely expensive—close to $4 billion at last count—and everyone knows that its design is just a little bit hokey, as if it were assembled out of dinosaur bones that were too big to fit into the Museum of Natural History. What most people don’t know is that if you can get yourself past all of that, and manage to push the dinosaur metaphors and the bird metaphors and all of that money out of your mind, you can have an architectural experience there that may renew your faith in the potential of the public realm in New York.
The Oculus, which is the name that has been given to the central space in Calatrava’s sprawling complex—the first sections of which open to the public on March 3 (the rest will open late this spring)—is the exhilarating nave of a genuine people’s cathedral. It is a room that soars; under a great arc of glass, Calatrava has put together curving ribs of steel to make a space that is uplifting, full of light and movement, and capable of inspiring something that has been in particularly short supply at Ground Zero, which is hope.
I’m not saying that to suggest that the Hub is a monument to the noblest ambitions of humankind. It is, after all, a train station bred to a shopping mall, and unlike Grand Central Terminal, where most of the shopping and restaurants are tucked into secondary spaces, at the World Trade Center the stores ring the monumental space. This place cost billions of dollars of public money, and it’s still a shrine to the commercial marketplace. I wish it were otherwise. But that doesn’t destroy the impact of the architecture, or negate the fact that this is the first time in a half a century that New York City has built a truly sumptuous interior space for the benefit of the public.
The last room connected to transportation that equaled this in ambition was Eero Saarinen’s great TWA Terminal at Kennedy Airport, of 1962, a masterwork that has long inspired Calatrava and has directly influenced the form of several of his projects, including this one. In another way, however, the Oculus reminds me of an entirely different place, the last majestic public interior in New York—the Grand Promenade at the New York State Theater (now the David H. Koch Theater) at Lincoln Center, by Philip Johnson, of 1964. You can’t catch a train from there, but in some ways it’s more like Calatrava’s building than the place to which it is more often compared, Grand Central, since Johnson’s room, like Calatrava’s, is a deeply earnest attempt at civic grandeur that can seem to dance on the edge of garishness. The Grand Promenade is now one of New York’s most revered interior spaces, however, proving once again that yesterday’s vulgarity can become today’s landmark.
For Johnson, the questionable excess came in the form of lots of glitter and glitz. For Calatrava, it is in the oceans of white Italian marble, not just covering the main space of the Oculus but also all of the long connecting corridors that lead to the train platforms, to the neighboring buildings in the World Trade Center complex, and even to the tunnel under West Street to the Brookfield Place complex. The grand space of the Oculus itself is but the tip of Calatrava’s white-marble iceberg, and while all of these long connecting passageways make for good urban design, like the similar ones that tie Grand Central to its neighbors, does there need to be quite so much bright, white marble?But the real point is that in a city that has built few noble public works in the last half century—a city that in our time has rarely even aspired to grandeur in public space, let alone achieved it—this project stands as a reminder that we have not given up entirely. Yes, it was inordinately expensive, and all of that marble couldn’t have helped the bottom line, but most of the high cost was due to the extraordinary engineering challenges of weaving a train station for Path commuters from New Jersey under and around several active New York City subway lines and all of the other construction at Ground Zero, not to mention the fact that the client was one of the world’s most inordinately cumbersome bureaucracies, the Port Authority.
Back when the 9/11 memorial opened a few years ago, I recall Michael Bloomberg saying something to the effect that people only complain about cost and delays when a project is underway; that once it is done, if it is any good, they forget all of that and pay attention to the thing itself. The Transportation Hub and its Oculus will put the Bloomberg Doctrine to a test, but I suspect it will pass, and that a couple of years from now, we will be hearing not about what this thing cost or about how long it took to build, but about how much people like walking through it. I certainly hope so, since nothing would be worse than to have it provoke a backlash against spending money on infrastructure. At a time when this country spends far less on public works than it should, the Hub is a rare exception to the trend. Its best legacy would be to encourage us to take more chances, and to recognize that investing in the public realm isn’t throwing away money. It is investing in the future, a gift from our generation to the ones that follow."
Paul Goldberger, Vanity Fair
Troubled Bridge Over Water
George Washington Bridge 1/11/14
Port Authority of New York & New Jersey Police
Port Authority of New York & New Jersey Police
2007 Chevrolet Suburban
Oculus Transportation Center - New York City
Oculus Transportation Center
The World Trade Center Transportation Hub is the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's formal name for the new PATH station and the associated transit and retail complex that opened on March 3, 2016. The station's renaming took place when the station reopened. It was designed by Spanish architect Santiago Calatrava and composed of a train station with a large and open mezzanine under the National September 11 Memorial plaza. This mezzanine is connected to an aboveground head house structure called the Oculus—located between 2 World Trade Center and 3 World Trade Center.
One World Trade Center - Manhattan
Le One World Trade Center (parfois abrégé en 1 WTC), anciennement nommée Freedom Tower (tour de la Liberté), est le plus haut gratte-ciel des États-Unis et du monde occidental. Il se situe dans le Lower Manhattan, un quartier du sud de l'arrondissement de Manhattan à New York, plus précisément dans le coin nord-ouest du site du World Trade Center. Cet immeuble forme la tour centrale du nouveau complexe du World Trade Center, qui vise à combler l'immense espace laissé par l'anéantissement du précédent complexe lors des attentats du 11 septembre 2001. 
La tour est l'œuvre de l'agence d'architectes Skidmore, Owings and Merrill de Chicago. Située à l'angle nord-ouest du site, elle culmine à 1 776 pieds, rappelant l'année de l'indépendance des États-Unis, soit 541,32 mètres, et comprend 108 étages. Les travaux, qui ont débuté en avril 2006, se sont achevés en juillet 2013. Depuis décembre 2011, la tour est la plus haute de Lower Manhattan et depuis le 30 avril 2012, la plus haute de New York. Enfin, depuis le 10 mai 2013, date de l'installation de sa flèche sommitale, elle est la 3e tour la plus haute du monde, la plus haute des États-Unis d'Amérique, de tout le continent américain et d'Occident. 
Ce nouveau complexe sera composé de quatre autres tours : Two World Trade Center, Three World Trade Center et Four World Trade Center. La dernière, Seven World Trade Center, est construite depuis 2006. 
One World Trade Center (also 1 World Trade Center or 1 WTC; the current building was dubbed the Freedom Tower during initial basework) is the name of two buildings. It most commonly refers to the primary building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City, and the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere. The 104-story supertall structure, which shares a name with the northern Twin Tower in the original World Trade Center that was destroyed in the September 11 attacks, stands on the northwest corner of the 16-acre (6.5 ha) World Trade Center site, on the site of the original 6 World Trade Center. The building is bordered to the west by West Street, to the north by Vesey Street, to the south by Fulton Street, and to the east by Washington Street. Construction on below-ground utility relocations, footings, and foundations for the building began on April 27, 2006. On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building would be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower. 
The tower's steel structure topped out on August 30, 2012. On May 10, 2013, the final component of the skyscraper's spire was installed, making One World Trade Center the fourth-tallest skyscraper in the world at the time by pinnacle height. Its spire allows the building to reach a symbolic height of 1,776 feet (541 m) in reference to the year of the United States Declaration of Independence. It has been the tallest structure in New York City since April 30, 2012, when it surpassed the height of the Empire State Building. The new World Trade Center complex, in which One World Trade Center will open in 2014, will initially have three other high-rise office buildings, located along Greenwich Street, and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, located just south of One World Trade Center, where the Twin Towers once stood. The construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild following the destruction of the original World Trade Center complex during the attacks of September 11, 2001. 
One World Trade Center (also 1 World Trade Center or 1 WTC, dubbed the Freedom Tower during initial basework) is the primary building of the new World Trade Center complex in Lower Manhattan, New York City, and the tallest skyscraper in the Western Hemisphere.[9] The 104-story supertall structure stands on the northwest corner of the 16-acre (6.5 ha) World Trade Center site, on the site of the original 6 World Trade Center. The building is bordered to the west by West Street, to the north by Vesey Street, to the south by Fulton Street, and to the east by Washington Street. Construction on below-ground utility relocations, footings, and foundations for the building began on April 27, 2006.[10] On March 30, 2009, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey confirmed that the building would be known by its legal name, One World Trade Center, rather than the colloquial name, Freedom Tower.[1]
The tower's steel structure topped out on August 30, 2012.[3][11] On May 10, 2013, the final component of the skyscraper's spire was installed, making One World Trade Center the fourth-tallest skyscraper in the world at the time by pinnacle height. Its spire reaches a symbolic height of 1,776 feet (541 m) in reference to the year of the United States Declaration of Independence.[12][13][14] It has been the tallest structure in New York City since April 30, 2012, when it surpassed the height of the Empire State Building.[15][16] One World Trade Center is scheduled to open to the public in 2014.[2][3] The new World Trade Center complex will also feature three other high-rise office buildings, located along Greenwich Street, and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, located just south of One World Trade Center, where the Twin Towers once stood. The construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild following the destruction of the original World Trade Center complex during the attacks of September 11, 2001 upon the United States.
Port Authority of New York-New Jersey Police
World Trade Center NYC 1986
							by Dennis gg1electrice60
Disclaimer: This photo was taken in October 1986 with a Minolta Maxxim 5000 35 mm SLR with Negative Film, when I was just learning photograph, so it is very soft & grainy.  I scanned the Negative, using Photoshop Elements to correct the exposure and generate a Digital Image.
I took the photo from Liberty State Park in Jersey City, New Jersey, near the former Jersey Central Ferry Terminal & Railroad Station.
New Jersey's Tear Drop Memorial
known as the Tear of Grief and the Tear Drop Memorial) is a 10 story sculpture by Zurab Tsereteli that was given to the United States as an official gift of the Russian government as a memorial to the victims of the September 11 attacks and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. It stands at the end of the former MOTBY in Bayonne, New Jersey and was dedicated on September 11, 2006 in a ceremony attended by former U.S. President Bill Clinton and Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin.
The sculpture is in the form of a 100-foot (30 m) tower made of steel and coated in bronze, split with a jagged opening through the middle. Inside the opening hangs a large stainless-steel teardrop, 40 feet (12 m) high, in memory of those whose lives were lost during terrorist attacks in the United States. The eleven sides of the monument's base bear granite name plates, on which are etched the names of those that died in the September 11 attacks and the 1993 World Trade Center bombing
It was initially given to the local government of Jersey City, but was rejected. It was then relocated to its present placement in Bayonne. In August 2010 the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey announced it had plans to build a container facility on the location and the monument would most likely have to be moved. However these plans have not been confirmed by the Port Authority. Robert "Captain Bob" Terzi, a Bayonne taxi driver started an online petition to prevent the relocation.
Image from page 20 of "Hudson & Manhattan tunnels : uniting New York and New Jersey in picture and story." (1908)
							by Internet Archive Book Images
Hudson & Manhattan tunnels : uniting New York and New Jersey in picture and story.
Durst, Seymour B., 1913-, former owner. NNC
Port Authority Trans-Hudson Corporation
Hudson and Manhattan Railroad Company
New York : American Photograph Co.
Columbia University Libraries
The Durst Organization
 to see this illustration in context in a browseable online version of this book.
Text Appearing Before Image:
ple of the American metropolis, during his seven years residence in the City ofNew York. Hudson Terminal Buildings. There has been reared, also, two twenty-two storybuildings, known as the Hudson Terminal Buildings which are of fire-proof twin con-struction, and cover nearly two city blocks at Cortlandt, Dey, Fulton and Church streets.Here are located the terminals of the two great southern twin tubes to Jersey City, andit will be but a short time when these tubes will be opened to the public. This building goes on record as the largest office structure in existence, containingas it does, in its twenty-two stories, eighteen and a half millions of square feet (ormore than twenty-nine acres) of floor space, affording comfortable accommodations forover ten thousand office tenants. These twin buildings are respectively officially desig-nated as the Fulton, and the Cortlandt, and are joined by an iron bridge across Deystreet, affording easy communication between the two mammoth structures.
Text Appearing After Image:
As we onward speed, we can view the construction of the tube, and observe on the left a splicing chamber. About thirty feet below the street level are located the loop and station platformswhere one thousand persons a minute, or five hundred thousand people a day can easilybe handled. Just above this floor is located what is known as the concourse, wherea restaurant, lunch counter, flower booth, telephone booth, telegraph stand, newspaperkiosk, bootblack stand, and other modern railroad conveniences will be established. Fifty-two elevators afford prompt, comfortable, safe, and easy access to the variousfloors, already rented as offices to some of the largest of our American corpora-tions, among which may be mentioned the American Steel Company, while the FederalGovernment has engaged about an acre of space on the first and second floors for theNew York Post Office as a receiving and forwarding station. Each building will also have a dining club, on the roof, that in the Cortlandt buil
Please note that these images are extracted from scanned page images that may have been digitally enhanced for readability - coloration and appearance of these illustrations may not perfectly resemble the original work.