						Macmillan Children’s Publishing Expands E-book Lending
Macmillan Children’s Publishing Group announced that it will expand its K-12 school and library e-lending program to include frontlist titles.
The move means Macmillan will have now offer schools and libraries approximately 20,000 e-books, and will add new titles weekly. All frontlist e-book titles will be available for library lending on the same day they go on sale in the retail market. Macmillan titles can be licensed through a number of vendors, on the one copy/one user model, for one year at time. Frontlist titles will be added in the next few days, and will be available to libraries immediately.
The expansion comes more than three years after a pilot program, in place since October of 2013, made Macmillan Children’s Publishing Group backlist titles available for library e-lending one year after publication.
PW KidsCast: A Conversation with Katie Green
British author-illustrator Katie Green discusses her graphic memoir ‘Lighter Than My Shadow,’ which traces her long struggle with and recovery from anorexia, as well as why telling the story visually was so important.  
PW Children's Bookshelf Archive
Read past issues of Bookshelf right in your browser. 
Sign up for our Children's Bookshelf newsletter!
© PWxyz, LLC. All rights reserved.
Children's Frontlist Fiction
Children's Picture Books
Hardcover Frontlist Fiction
Hardcover Frontlist Nonfiction
Mass Market Frontlist
Trade Paper Frontlist
 the hottest new books, features and more
			Parts of this site are only available to paying 
 subscribers.  Subscribers: to set up your digital access 
 “All Access” site license members have access to 
’s subscriber-only website content. Simply close and relaunch your preferred browser to log-in. To find out more about 
’s site license subscription options please email: 
			If you have questions or need assistance setting up your account please email pw@pubservice.com or call 1-800-278-2991 (U.S.) or 1-818-487-2069 (all other countries), Monday-Friday between 5am and 5pm Pacific time for assistance.
Thank you for visiting 
. There are 3 possible reasons you were unable to login and get access our premium online pages.
You are NOT a current subscriber
 To get immediate access to all of our Premium Digital Content try a monthly subscription for as little as $18.95 per month. You may cancel at any time with no questions asked. Click 
 for details about Publishers Weekly’s monthly subscription plans.
 but you have not yet set up your account for premium online access.
 your preferred email address and password to your account.
You forgot your password and you need to retrieve it.
 to access the password we have on file for you.
If you have questions:
Call: 1-800-278-2991 (US) or 1-818-487-2069 (Outside US/Canada) 5 a.m. - 5 p.m. Mon-Fri (Pacific)