An ESOL Resource from University Settlement's Adult Literacy Program
Idiom of the Week: Sell Like Hotcakes
 To sell very quickly or sell a lot of something.
Wow! Look at the line at the Apple Store – that new iPhone is 
selling like hotcakes
My wife just started selling our old things on eBay, and they’re
 selling like hotcakes
I should start selling umbrellas on rainy days. They always 
 selling like hotcakes
To see the correct answer, click on “Continue reading”:
We’ll See You There Tomorrow!
 Are you wondering what you can do to enjoy this summer? The 
 would like to share some of their 
favorite spots in New York
 that you could visit this summer!
Brooklyn Botanic Garden
“For the holidays, we go to visit the Brooklyn Botanic Garden with our families. It is close to Prospect Park. It has a Japanese Garden, the Palm House, and colorful flowers. A major attraction is the Cherry Blossom Festival where 200 cherry trees are in full bloom. It’s like a pink ocean, very spectacular! Our children like to play in there. The garden is beautiful and full of different plants. There are  many people in the summer.” – May Ma and Miya Wu
990 Washington Ave, Brooklyn, NY ‎ 
 2, 3, 4, or 5 train to Franklin Ave. in Brooklyn
“Coney Island is a peninsula and beach on the Atlantic Ocean in southern Brooklyn. In the summer, many people like to go there to relax and go swimming on the weekends. The New York Aquarium in Coney Island is open almost every day of the year. So, I always go to Coney Island to play with my family.” – Sandra Liang and Bonnie Huang
 Surf Ave. and W 12th St., Brooklyn, NY
 D, F, N, or Q train to Coney Island/Stillwell Ave. in Brooklyn
“This is the biggest and most important park in the middle of Manhattan. There are a lot of ponds and lakes and the park is surrounded by buildings. It’s great to go there in any season. In the winter, you can go ice skating. There are some ice rinks there and, during the summer or spring, everything is green. I like to go there and lay on the grass to read a book or just to relax.” – Daniela Polidura and Jackie Huang
 59th St., Manhattan, NY
 A, B, C, D, or 1 train to Columbus Circle, or N, Q, or R train to 5th Ave./59th St.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art
“Before you go to the museum, it is hard to imagine how wonderful the huge building is.  It gathers all of the East and West cultures. In the Chinese section, you can see a Su Zhou garden, statues of Buddha, curios, and jades.” – Kelly Zhao and Li Duan Chen
1000 5th Ave, New York, NY ‎ 
 4, 5, or 6 train to 86th St.
The American Museum of Natural History (AMNH)
The American Museum of Natural History is located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City. It is one of the largest and most celebrated museums in the world. In the museum, you can visit some wonderful exhibitions halls. For example, the African Mammal Hall, with exciting dioramas of monkeys and elephants, the Milstein Hall of Ocean Life, with its share of whales and fish, and the Fossil Hall. This amazing exhibition shows fossils of all kinds, like mammals and dinosaurs. You would feel amazed by the huge dinosaur fossil in the Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Hall, the Museum’s main entrance. Wouldn’t you want to go there? – Bella Zhao and Khanh Au
 Central Park West at 79th Street, New York, NY
 B or C train to 81st St./Museum of Natural History
The Brooklyn Bridge ranks as one of the greatest engineering feats of the 19th century and remains one of NY’s most popular and well-known landmarks. The impressive bridge spans the East River between Brooklyn and Manhattan and stretches for a length of 5989 feet, about 1.8km. The span between the large towers measures 1595.5 feet. This made the Brooklyn Bridge the world’s largest suspension bridge. – Kiki Wang and Ji Peng Wang
 J or Z train to Chambers St., or 4, 5, or 6 train to Brooklyn Bridge/City Hall in Manhattan – or A or C train to High St. in Brooklyn
Idiom of the Week: Dirt Cheap
 very cheap; extremely inexpensive
 at the supermarket, so I bought a lot of them.
“My new phone broke after only a week!” “What did you expect? It was
I pay so much for rent in New York, but in my hometown rent was 
A. is probably high-quality.
B. was probably on sale.
C. needed to be cleaned after you bought it.
To see the correct answer, click on “Continue reading”:
Emergency Benefit Concert
To purchase tickets visit
or call (212) 598-4533.
You can also support Beacon with a donation online!
To make a secure donation online, visit
“Beacon Program” in the comments on the online donation form.
Website Spotlight: REEPworld
Here’s a good website for
 Arlington Education & Employment Program
, and it has great listening, reading, and vocabulary activities about 
Health, Family, and Work
Click here or on the picture below to explore
Remember that we have a lot of other very useful websiotes for English learners on the 
A Short History of Thanksgiving
Still Jumping the Gun
Idiom of the Week: Jump the Gun
Describe This Picture
The Immigrant Experience
the immigrant experience
Follow Blog via Email
Click here to get emails when USAdultlitercy adds updates
Blog at WordPress.com.
		Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: