Concerts Near Me In USA
Future Concert In USA
The Weeknd Concert In USA
Upcoming Concerts In USA
The Online Entertainment Destination ‘Almazmix’
                                                The Online Enjoyment Destination ‘Almazmix’ ‘Almazmix’ is an on the web platform selling upcoming occasions such as festivals, concerts, artists in music and entertainment information by way of social media. Also, the 
Great Wall International Music Academy Concert Series – A Treat for Lovers of Classical Music
                                                by Fuzzy Gerdes Fantastic Wall Worldwide Music Academy Concert Series – A Deal with for Lovers of Classical Music The Excellent Wall International Music Academy is a summer time undertaking that was 
Sugarland’s ‘Incredible Machine Tour’
                                                by wallyg Sugarland’s ‘Incredible Machine Tour’ “Sugarland” is probably the most utilitarian band name of all-time. It’s this kind of a non-descriptive appellation that it provides no hint to the band’s musical 
Entertainment Arab Style
                                                by The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Enjoyment Arab Style The Arab globe is identified for its wealthy culture and heritage. The men and women, cuisine and artwork have a special touch. Arab 
Jennifer Hudson Tickets – Jennifer Hudson Kicks off Tour
                                                by Chris Devers Jennifer Hudson Tickets – Jennifer Hudson Kicks off Tour Jennifer Hudson’s comeback continues soon after the singer endured the tragic death of her mother, brother and nephew at her 
Saffron Rails Is the Most Exciting New Venue in Chicago
Chicago’s storied, vibrant music scene has thrived in part because of the absolute diversity of venues; turn-of-the-century jazz bars and classic theatres commingle with DIY lofts and divey bars. But by splitting the difference between classic and modern, between the city’s broad-shouldered grit and futurist savvy, between indelible form and powerful function, newly established Saffron
Alex Trebek isn’t retiring from Jeopardy! anytime soon
Jeopardy! went on hiatus earlier this year as longtime host Alex Trebek recovered from brain surgery, raising speculation as to whether or not the 77-year old would return to the gig he’s hosted since 1984. Trebek himself stoked the fire when he contemplated his retirement in the media. Well, good news: Sony Pictures Television has renewed his contract
Peter Murphy and David J reunite for 40th anniversary Bauhaus North American tour
In honor of the 40th anniversary of gothic rock pioneers Bauhaus, members Peter Murphy and David J have reunited for a special tour. “The Ruby Celebration” sees the pair playing the band’s debut album, In the Flat Field, in its entirety before segueing into an encore filled with classics from the Bauhaus catalog. An initial run of Fall
Ty Segall announces debut album as The C.I.A., shares “Pleasure Seeker” video: Watch
Last week, Ty Segall dropped off his fourth LP of the year, Fudge Sandwich. The prolific psych rocker isn’t quite ready to stash away his guitar, though. Segall is prepping to release yet another new album — this time with The C.I.A., his collaborative group with Denée Segall, his wife/frequent bandmate/photographer, and Emmett Kelly of
Ranking: Every Horror Movie Sequel From Worst to Best
Artwork by Cap Blackard (Buy Prints + More) Rank and File finds us sorting through an exhaustive, comprehensive body of work or collection of pop-culture artifacts. This time, we sift through the slush pile of horror sequels and separate the terrible from the terrifying. There’s perhaps nothing more pure than a stand-alone horror movie. Well, a
Axl Rose’s ballot is in the mail: “Vote Blue… Bitches!!”
Guns N’ Roses will be on tour overseas when the Election Day rolls around on November 6th, but Axl Rose is making sure his vote counts in the upcoming midterm elections. The singer has mailed in his absentee ballot in California, and is urging his fans to vote Democratic. Rose tweeted a photo of what
Golden State Warriors troll Fergie over her awful performance of the National Anthem: Watch
The Golden State Warriors aren’t just NBA Champions, they’re also world class trollers. If you recall, Fergie delivered a truly bizarre rendition of National Anthem at the 2018 NBA All-Star Game, which elicited a chuckle from Warriors forward Draymond Green. Fast forward to Friday when Fergie’s ex-husband, actor Josh Duhamel, was asked about the incident
Concerts Near Me In USA
Future Concert In USA
Justin Bieber Concert
The Weeknd Concert In USA
Upcoming Concerts In USA
Janelle Monáe brings Dirty Computer to Austin City Limits: Watch
Before the weekend hit, Consequence of Sound provided you an early look at Janelle Monáe’s appearance on PBS’ Austin City Limits with video of                                
Philip Anselmo plays full Pantera set in Hollywood with his band The Illegals: Watch
Philip Anselmo is in a nostalgic mood, and fans are loving it. The metal frontman and his group The Illegals                                
Kanye donates $150,000 to family of Jemel Roberson, the Chicago security guard killed by police
Earlier this week, a security guard named Jemel Roberson was mistakenly killed by police after heroically wrestling and disarming a drunk                                
Disney unveils teaser trailers for Star Wars theme park, including John Williams’ original score: Watch
The next chapter in the Star Wars universe isn’t a movie, it’s a theme park. As previously reported, Disney is                                
WP Cumulus Flash tag cloud by 
Kase Designs – Upcoming Concerts in USA