Ecuador Packing Guide
Everything I know about travel, I learned growing up po...
LGBT Hotel Review: My Sacha Ji Wellness Hotel and Retre...
40 Safety Tips for LGBT Travelers
5 Uncomfortable Questions About Travel to Anti-LGBT Destinations
10 Questions to Consider When Planning Your LGBT Honeymoon
8 Questions LGBT Travelers Should Ask Before Traveling Abroad
Lesbian Travel Guide New York City
New York is a giant city with numerous neighborhoods filled with different people, cultures, and experiences. It’s not like anywhere else in the United Stats. You could stay for a year and never see all the city has to offer. According to the National Restaurant Association, there are just under 46,000 restaurants in New York – Even if you ate out 3 meals a day for a year you couldn’t hit them all. It’d take you roughly 45 years to hit every eatery the city has to offer- and that’s just restaurants. Imagine how many hotels, activities, tours, and stores there are? Planning a visit to New York can be overwhelming, especially if you’re trying to avoid some of the more touristy spots. Sure – the Statue of Liberty is awesome but you may not want to check it out again on your second or third trip. This guide has some off the beaten path suggestions and insider’s knowledge for LesBiQueers in particular. 
Photograph by Lindsay Cale
Getting to New York City
Planes – trains – buses yup you’ve got options. I recommend flying into JFK or Laguardia Airports. If you’re flying be forewarned there isn’t really a convenient and cheap mode of transit from the airport. JFK has the air train that goes to the NYC subway but it’s about an hour ride from the airport on the train and costs about $7.50. You can take the Long Island Rail Road to Manhattan for about $15 or a yellow cab is about $52 plus tip and a rush hour surcharge of $4.50 from 4-8pm on weekdays. 
If you plan to take a train or a bus GreyHound, MegaBus, and Amtrak are all great options and they drop you off right in Manhattan at either Grand Central Station, Port Authority, or Penn Station depending on where you’re coming from. 
I do not recommend renting a car or driving while in New York. Parking is outrageously expensive and driving in the city takes a lot longer and is more difficult than driving other places. Once you’re in town, take the trains or use Lyft or Yellow Cabs. Ultimately, it will be much cheaper and way less of a headache. 
Top 9 Instagram Photos of 2015
“It’d take roughly 45 years to eat at every restaurant in New York City”
There are a million places to stay in New York at every level of budget, here are a few of my favorites at different price points. 
Best Budget Accommodations 
One of the best ways to cut your budget in expensive cities like New York is to check out Airbnb or stay in hostels. 
 has everything from a private room in Brooklyn for $30 per night or an entire one bedroom apartment starting at $50 in Queens all the way up to a 3 bedroom apartment with sleeping arrangement for 10 people at a whopping $800 a night on Manhattan’s Upper East Side. Airbnb has options for every budget but they’re especially great for cutting costs. 
 Hostels are an awesome way to meet other travelers and explore cities while staying on a budget. The 
 is pretty swanky as far as hostels go with very reasonable prices. Dorm bunks start at $34. It’s located in a great area of town on Manhattan’s Upper West Side. It’s a very short train ride to anywhere in most of Manhattan and has some awesome community spaces for socializing and meeting other people in the area. There is some potentially awkward gender segregation going on with the choice between male only, female only, and coed dorms. While Hostels International has always been great in my experience, it’s definitely something to consider if you’re trans or gender nonconforming. 
15 Incredible Things To Do in Sukhothai Thailand
Photograph by Hotel Elysee
Best Mid-Range Hotels 
 “an Old New York Brat Pack” style ambiance. Lindsay and I stayed there on our last trip to New York and had a great time. Hotel Elysee was recognized as one of the 
 by the Travel & Leisure Magazine and 
#14 Most Romantic Hotel in New York City
 by Business Insider in 2015. There isn’t much left that has a romantic and cozy vibe in the city of sleek but cold modern design. It’s located just steps from Central Park, Grand Central and Time Square. Rooms start at $212 per night. 
is a cute little boutique hotel in Midtown East. It’s the ideal small hotel for a first-time visit to New York. It’s just outside of Grand Central Station and has the cutest rooftop bar with fireplaces and excellent views of the city skyline. At $249 a night it’s a more budget friendly option too. 
Best Luxury Accommodations
1 Hotel – Central Park
 is drool worthy beautiful. It’s centrally located across the street from Central Park and in the heart of NYC’s most exclusive shopping area. If your idea of a New York City vacation is hitting Louis Vuitton before Barney’s and hitting up the most exclusive brunches – the One Hotel is definitely for you. At $350 per night, it’s a bit pricey but the ambiance is made for Instagram. 
The Standard Hotel, East Village
 is legendary.  It’s a 21 story glittery column of sleek modern glass and some of the best views of the city. It’s chic in a ladies who lunch kind of way and has an onsite cafe and restaurant. It’s also pet and baby friendly so bring on the babies – fuzzy and otherwise. Rooms start at $385 per night in this exclusive hotel. 
Meet a Traveler; Chantel Mattiola- LGBT Activist- Marathon Runner- All Around Badass. 
Things To Do in New York City 
One of the coolest things about New York is that there are a million things to do. 
 is something I had never even considered before one of my exes took me for my birthday a few years ago. She definitely gets an A+ for a creative date idea. Trapeze School NY offers classes in flying trapeze, static trapeze, silks, rope and other circus-type activities. They have two locations, one at the South Street Seaport that has awesome views of the Manhattan skyline in the summer that I highly recommend. Classes range from $50-$70 per person which isn’t bad for a once in a lifetime experience. 
 is a 2 mile long raised park in Manhattan. It was built on an abandoned section of Railroad that used to be used to bring items into New York’s famous Meatpacking district. These days the Meatpacking is more famous for celebrity clubs and nightlife than actual meat but nonetheless, it’s still named for its historic roots. 
 describes it as one of the most unique and innovative forms of public art and says “The black steel columns that once supported abandoned train tracks now hold up an elevated park—part promenade, part town square, part botanical garden.”
Leslie-Lohman Museum of LGBT Art 
The Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art
 was started in a desperate attempt to preserve the memory of queer culture. The best way to demonize a people is to destroy the record of its history. That is exactly what is happening. During the beginning of the HIV/AIDS crisis in New York City, Charles Leslie and Fritz Lohman realized if they didn’t do something, the memory of LGBT people would be swiftly erased. Check out this article for more information on the 
history of the Leslie-Lohman Museum. 
Lesbian Travel Guide to Palawan Island, Philippines
Christopher Street in Greenwich Village holds several pieces of queer history, it’s the birthplace of the queer rights movement and home to the world famous 
, the birthplace of the Stonewall Riots of 1969. To this day, the inn and the street serve as an international symbol of 
. No guide to LGBT anything is complete without mentioning Stonewall. Definitely check it out and the 
little memorial park in the triangle out front
 down the block for a cone and a selfie. 
 is a small scale museum that packs a very kinky punch. They do a great job rotating exhibits and housing information that is actually educational focusing on the social and political implications of sex around the world. Their exhibits change but currently on display is “Known/Unknown: Private Obsession and Hidden Desire in Outsider Art” which is worth the cost of admission. 
The most expensive bathroom in America is probably located at the LGBT Center in the village. Keith Haring painted one of his more provocative works on the walls there. You can also find his work in the 42nd street train station and up in Harlem on the famous “Crack is Wack” wall. 
The Lesbian Guide to NYC Pride
 is the perfect date night restaurant at a very reasonable price point in New York. The vibes are urban industrial rustic-ish with wood finishing exposed brick walls, romantic dim lighting. 
The food is what I think of as slight fancy Italian comfort food. Service was excellent — our server took care of us and was very attentive to our every need. We started with the Housemade Ricotta ($12.50) and homemade bread which was one of the highlights of the meal. For your entree consider The Quattro Formaggi Pizza ($16.50) or Fettuccine ($19.50) both delicious and cooked to perfection. We’ll definitely be back to Bread & Tulips the next time we’re in New York. 
 has one of the best brunches Lindsay and I have ever been to in any city. It was a bit pricey at $45 per person, but it is an all you can eat buffet with some incredibly tasty high-end eats. Like any good 
in New York City, you’ll find avocado toast, fresh to order omelets, and juicy tender steaks. 
 is a trendy fine dining restaurant hidden inside an old pawn shop. Once you enter the pawn shop you enter through a backdoor into the ultra lux lounge area. Be prepared to be surrounded by a glam crowd and to splurge a bit on imaginative recreations of New American bites in the form of shareable small plates. Try the Crab Rangoon ($17) or the Grilled Cheese, Smoked Bacon & Tomato Soup Dumplings ($16). Don’t forget to order one of the nouveau classic cocktails ($17) or pro-tip sneak off to the ladies room for the free champagne the bathroom attendant serves. 
FOODIE FRIDAY: NYC Street Food
Is New York City LGBT Friendly?
Yes. Just yes. Of course shit happens anywhere and street harassment of women is a much bigger issue in New York than some other places in the US but for the most part, New York is very LGBT friendly, welcoming and affirming. 
More New York City Tip:
New York City Street Food
12 Things to Do in NYC 
Best Bougie & Boozy Brunches in NYC 
Queer & Looking to Party? LesBiQueer Nightlife Guide
10  Tips for Getting a NY Cab 
SAVE THIS POST FOR LATER ON PINTEREST
Want new articles before they get published?
LGBT Friendly Hotel Review: Hotel Elysée New York City
8 Lessons Bloggers Can Learn From Chance the Rapper
Meg Cale is a queer gal with expensive dreams and a whole lot of hustle. Meg and her wife Lindsay run the number one lesbian travel blog, DopesontheRoad.com. Meg is extremely gay and entirely addicted to travel. Like, we're talking Pride Parade gay - if they made a Meg Barbie her one accessory would be her rainbow flag and a copy of the feminist manifesto - THAT kinda gay. You can find her at home in Merida, Mexico or through her writings and ramblings @MegCale
GIVEAWAY! Enter to Win the Lap of Luxury Vegas Vacation at the Mandalay Bay
8 Activities for The Perfect Los Cabos Villas Vacation
Best Artsy Road Trip Pit Stops in the US
Work Hard, Play Harder, Korean Nightlife in Seoul
The Full-Time Tourist
on February 26, 2017 at 4:19 pm 
When my boyfriend and I went to NYC with our two friends, who are a lesbian couple, we had a very difficult time finding a lesbian bar to go to. The housecleaner we had at our AirBnB was gay, and pointed out a couple of gay bars- like Marie’s Crisis- as great LGBT hangouts, but those were mainly geared toward gay men as opposed to lesbians. Did you and Lindsey visit any lesbian bars while you were there?
on March 3, 2017 at 4:26 am 
Hey! Yup – there are a few lesbian bars and tons of lesbian parties. In New York City, the parties tend to be called “queer parties” rather than lesbian parties because – well because – identity politics. There are links at the end of this post for queer nightlife events in New York. I’d definitely check out Hot Rabbit, Henrietta Hudson’s and any Whitney Day Events party.
Welcome to Dopes on the Road! We're Meg and Lindsay and we've created DotR as a space dedicated to inspiring and equipping LGBT travelers to live a life of adventures. Take a look around and don't be afraid to say hi! 
 - Play For Our Team - 
What to do in Stockholm, the Lesbian Guide
What Can You Do About Gender Inequality in the LGBT Travel Industry?
Can’t Miss Water Parks in Texas
Top Outdoor Activities to Do in Texas
Norwegian Premium Review
10 Reasons Madrid is the #1 Lesbian Travel Destination
ALICE | GIRL WITH A SADDLE BAG
10 Reasons Madrid is the #1 Lesbian Travel Destination
10 Reasons Madrid is the #1 Lesbian Travel Destination
7 Reasons to Visit The Vatican While in Italy
13 Peru Vacation Tips to Save Time and Money