The National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center
Related groups — The National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center 
NYC: New York Central [Directory]
All Photos Tagged The National September 11 Memorial & Museum at the World Trade Center
"What do turtles do on their birthday? Shell-ibrate" ~
							by Turtlemom4bacon-Nancy ~
THANK YOU everyone for your visits, comments and favs!
I appreciate your invites and awards very much!
© ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Use without permission is illegal.
"Shell-ibrating" my birthday today, the first day of fall and my favorite season!
We don't really get the fall colors here though but at least the temperatures are cooler and that makes me very happy :)
This was Paul, my Eastern Peninsular Cooter Turtle that I had before releasing him into a nearby creek where he is happier to be living in the wild once again. 
Autumn, interchangeably known as 
 in the US and Canada, is one of the four temperate seasons. Autumn marks the transition from summer into winter, in September (Northern Hemisphere) or March (Southern Hemisphere) when the arrival of night becomes noticeably earlier and the temperature cools considerably. One of its main features is the shedding of leaves from deciduous trees as they pave way for further growth.
Some cultures regard the autumnal equinox as "mid-autumn", others with a longer temperature lag treat it as the start of autumn. Meteorologists (and most of the temperate countries in the southern hemisphere) use a definition based on months, with autumn being September, October and November in the northern hemisphere, and March, April and May in the southern hemisphere.
In North America, autumn is usually considered to start with the September equinox on 
 and ends with the winter solstice (21 December). In traditional East Asian solar term, autumn starts on or around 8 August and ends on about 7 November. In Ireland, the autumn months according to the national meteorological service, Met Éireann, are September, October and November. However, according to the Irish Calendar, which is based on ancient Gaelic traditions, autumn lasts throughout the months of August, September, and October, or possibly a few days later, depending on tradition. In Australia and New Zealand, autumn officially begins on 1 March and ends on 31 May.
Back to the flowers just for a moment.... these asters demanded that I photograph them ;)
We were at the National Botanic Gardens of Wales and it was a lovely day, it was looking the best I'd ever seen it, with loads of flowers still in bloom even though it was the end of September.
"In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary. ~ Aaron Rose
Sunrise at Bryce Canyon - September 2009...what a delightful way to start the day; an incredible array of ever changing colors & light to stimulate the senses.  Highly recommended if you ever get a chance to visit this national park.
Have a great weekend....and as always, thanks for stopping by to visit!!!!
Explored August 28, 2010 - 
As the fog lifed on this cool September morning it settled atop the peaks giving the appearance of volcanos!  Something to see for sure.
Grand Teton National Park
Thanks for sharing the experience,
© All Rights Reserved
Well… I’ve been scratching around in my archives again… and just look what I found there this time! 
The two images that make up this Vertorama were taken in September last year… just as the sun was setting over the grass plains in the Namib-Naukluft national park in Namibia.
I’m always amazed that I can go through my images time and again… and every time I do… I find something nice that I’ve missed all the other times! I suspect that part of the reason for this is that when images are composed for a Vertorama, they often don’t look like much when you see them on their own. Sometimes I can only feel the real impact of the composition once I’ve stitched the images together. Another reason why I sometimes overlook a nice photo, is when the camera captures a scene in a way that doesn’t really reflect what I was seeing at the time when I took the photo. Some images need quite a bit of processing to get them to look just right… like this one for instance… it was quite hazy and a little bit overexposed… so it never looked like much when I first went through these images.
Now that I’ve stitched and processed this Vertorama… I like it… a lot! :)
Nikon D300, Sigma 18-200mm at 65mm, aperture of f9, with a 1/160th second exposure. 
 to check out my Vertorama tutorial.
This one's from the archives -- taken near Wonder Lake in Denali National Park in early September.  I'm definitely feeling the need to go somewhere where I can shoot some wide open spaces.
I was very honored to be chosen as The World Through My Eyes group's Featured Photographer this week.  You can check out the interview 
  if you are interested .  
first light on Pyramid Mt.
It was worth getting up early to see the sun rise!  
Thanks to those who view, fav. and comment!  Have a great week!
we shall never forget
Press L for a better view
Looking towards Bridalveil Falls over the Merced River in Yosemite National Park.
I just found out about Flickr's 
... this shot was featured there (Highest position: 56 on Tuesday, September 4, 2007).  You can find if your photos have been there via a search on Scout, such as this:
For more photos from my explorations (and some technique tips) check out 
The underwater rocks in this shot were captured in the photo; it's not a Photoshop creation.
 pool as my best of 2007.
© 2007 Jeff Sullivan All rights reserved 
My favorite season is here!  
We are already having some color change  here in Colorado which is a little early. Have not been able to get out and see it for myself but have been hearing about it.  
This was take a couple years ago in Grand Teton National Park. Two trees frame Mount Moran. 
a glorious summer day
in the Canadian Rockies!  Safe to say it doesn't look like this today!
Have just returned from a mini vacation...didn't have to go far to find Spring like weather!
Thanks for the visit!
Morning at Lake Lewis
The sun's early rays part the fog that had gathered over Lake Lewis at Yellowstone National Park--September 3, 2009
September in the kosciuszko national park and already alot of the snow has melted. Not good for skiing but great for photography. Had a blast on this particular day walking around these ranges.
The annual September 11th Tribute in Lights in 2018 where the weather continued in the rainy fashion it has all summer as it wound down, the cloud cover so low when I went out to Colgate Clock Park in the Exchange Place part of Jersey City to shoot the twin beams of light, so they did not reflect high up.  The cloud cover was actually below One Trade Center so the top of that building disappeared into the clouds.  In this view the tall edifices of lower Manhattan are visible included the green patina roofed 40 Wall Street aka the Trump Building originally known as Bank of Manhattan Trust Building, one of this nation’s controversial & current commander and chief’s most prized towers because of its history.  The two beams are comprised of eighty-eight 7,000-watt xenon light bulbs positioned into two 48-foot squares that echo the shape and orientation of the Twin Towers. Tribute in Lights that for more than 10 years had been presented and handled by the Municipal Art Society of New York, moved under the stewardship of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum in 2015, another way of honoring those who perished in the tragedy and those who labor to restore the city.
Taken with an Olympus 4/3 E-5 with an Olympus Zuiko Digital ED 12-60mm F2.8-4.0 SWD lens using a Bogen aka Manfrotto Tripod an HDR of multiple RAW images blended in Photomatix Pro and cleaned up in Adobe Photoshop Lightroom.
Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming
My theme for September of 2014 is: fall
“May you have warm words on a cold evening, a full moon on a dark night and a smooth road all the way to your door.” ~ Irish Blessing
Warm Creek - Yellowstone National Park - September 2010  
It was a full moon on this particular night, however, I have yet to master the art of shooting images at night, so I played around with several images in photoshop & combined them to come up with this...hope you enjoy!!!!!  Don't forget to hit the letter "L" on your keyboard for a better look :-)
Have a fabulous Friday....and thanks as always for your visits!!!!!
Canyonlands National Park - Utah
Going through my archives I found this one taken last year.
Canyonlands National Park is a U.S. National Park located in Southeastern Utah near the town of Moab. It preserves a colorful landscape eroded into countless canyons, mesas, and buttes by the Colorado River, the Green River, and their respective tributaries. Legislation creating the park was signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson on September 12, 1964.
The park is divided into four districts: the Island in the Sky, the Needles, the Maze, and the Rivers. While these areas share a primitive desert atmosphere, each retains its own character. Two large river canyons are carved into the Colorado Plateau by the Colorado River and Green River.
Emerald Lake paddlers
'Emerald Lake is located in Yoho National Park, British Columbia, Canada.  The vivid turquoise colour of the water, caused by powdered limestone, is most spectacular in July as the snow melts from the surrounding mountains.'
Thanks for your visits and thoughtful comments - much appreciated!
Along the Going to the sun highway, Glacier national park, Montana, USA
September 8, 2011 • Taken by Joe
Photos are © 2005 and on to Lorien, Joe & Moshe, 
. All rights reserved. You may not download or copy anything from JoLoLog, unless you E-mail us, ask first and get our written permission.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Skies, clouds, mountains, peaks, trees - it's all in there. Enjoy *s*.
3 bracketed photos, handheld, tone mapped in Photomatix and tweaked some more.
reflection of a September moon
on Pyramid Lake in Jasper National Park.  Quiet, calm and peaceful that early in the morning.
Thanks for looking!  Have a great day!
Amazing Autumn ... :heart_eyes::heart_eyes:
							by :heart: Bo :heart:
Rudbeckia 'Summerina Orange'
Couldn't resit posting another of these beautiful hybrid flowers and their dramatic autumn colours. As I mentioned in yesterday's post, 
the coneflowers are an new cross between an annual Rudbeckia and a perennial Echinacea. And the results speak for themselves. 
These bushy perennials are tough and hardy, just like their Echinacea parents; but with a free flowering habit and the long flowering period that you would expect from an annual Rudbeckia. This superb, three colour mix of copper, brown, and yellow provides plenty of summer interest that will last well into autumn when other perennials have all but faded.  You may yet see more, who knows ...
Have as colourful a weekend ... :heart_eyes::heart_eyes:
Arches National Park, Utah - September 2014
Early Autumn In Glacier National Park
Back in April, some buddies of mine and I began to plan a September trip to Glacier National Park.  We were hoping against hope that we would have decent weather and that the Going To The Sun Road would remain open until it's official closing date of September 22.  We were also hoping that it would be cold enough for the leaves to change before we left.  
After four months of waiting, we arrived in Great Falls and drove into the park last Thursday (Sept 18).  The air was very hazy and the light was horrible as we left the airport.  Our spirits began to sink a bit as we had to pass on shooting Two Medicine Lake as it was far too hazy to photograph.  We also passed hundreds of acres of trees that had died, apparently due to some horrible disease.  
But as we entered the park and drove around to St Mary Lake, everything changed.  For four days we shot in some of the most epic conditions I have ever seen.  As we traveled throughout the park, we discovered that we had timed the Fall colors perfectly as virtually all the deciduous trees had changed at once due to the recent cold snap the week before where parts of the park were covered in 8 inches of September snow.  And best of all, Going To The Sun Highway remained opened all the way through the weekend.  Our rented Yukon was one of the last vehicles down the Western side of the park on Sunday night as we left for McDonald Lodge after a long night of shooting the Milky Way in Logan Pass. 
The shot above was taken after waking at 4:15 AM on Friday morning for a quick scramble up the mountainside for one of the most amazing sunrises I've ever seen, followed by an ginormous breakfast at Many Glacier Lodge.  After "brunch" we set off for a hike of roughly 12 miles (round trip) up the Grinnell Glacier Trail.  The entire trail was lit up by yellow and red/orange leaves as we worked our way up past Lake Josephine and finally past Grinnell.  By the time we were on our way back down, we met up with our second bear of the day and had a lively discussion to decide whether to stay for possible sunset color over the lake or to leave early to avoid being eaten.  This bracketed shot was taken shortly after we decided to stick it out and after the afore mentioned bear moved on in his search for berries.  It was handheld in low light as we were wasting no time getting back down with the last third of our hike predicted to be in complete darkness. 
Glacier National Park is beautiful during any time of year, but I was completely unprepared for how stunning it looked in late September.  As the sun came out on Saturday, the colors exploded around us between the bright yellow leaves, brilliant blue skies, deep green firs and pines, and the stately red on the vintage buses that moved the guests through the park.  
I have so much more to write about regarding our time there, but in the mean time, please feel free to check out some incredible shots by my photo compadres, namely 
Longings of The Heart
It's one of those days when your heart just wants to be some place else ... like this next September in the Tetons with all my kids.  Can't wait.  Had to pull one out of the archives to dream.  
© All Rights Reserved
Moon and Back Photography & Graphics
Moon and Back Photography 
							by Melissa - San Francisco Gal
Fed by the Daly Glacier, Takakkaw Falls' flow is at its peak in July when glacial meltwater is running freely. Plunging from above at a height of 380m (1246 ft ) with a 254m ( 833 ft ) freefall, Canada's second highest waterfall -- located in the Yoho National Park, BC -- is still impressive in September.
Thanks, as always, for stopping by and for all of your kind comments -- I appreciate them all. 
:copyright: Melissa Post 2014 All rights reserved. Please respect my copyright and do not copy, modify or download this image to blogs or other web sites without my explicit permission.
There is no shortage of excitement in the mountains of Glacier National Park.  This storm followed a perfect sunny morning in early September.
							by Melissa - San Francisco Gal
This tiny alpine lake at Mount Revelstoke National Park in British Columbia is very low in September.  But the rocks and reflections are quite nice.
Thanks, as always, for stopping by and for all of your kind comments -- I appreciate them all. 
:copyright: Melissa Post 2015
All rights reserved. Please respect my copyright and do not copy, modify or download this image to blogs or other websites without obtaining my explicit written permission.  
A September Morning at Schwabacher
Jackson Hole is always a photographer's delight, but the autumn season makes the area even more special....
This was taken at the beaver pond at Schwabacher Landing.
This is a multi exposure blended image taken in Grand Teton National Park last September.  Three handheld shots were taken in quick succession using auto bracketing....one overexposed, one underexposed and one correctly exposed.
The high dynamic range approach allows the nuances of light and color to be captured more thoroughly and the final image more closely resembles the beauty of that magical morning in the Tetons....
(This was taken approximately 15 miles north of Jackson, Wyoming on Hwy 191.  The creek you see in the foreground is a finger off of the Snake River)
By the way - I've had several unauthorized usages of my images and I've now had to resort to the following script on the bottom of each of my images:
 ©  All Rights Reserved - No usage allowed in any form without the written consent of 
Autumn Smoke and Clouds at the Oxbow
I try to time my visits to Jackson Hole so that I get a spring and autumn view of some of my favorite locations....but there is always an element of surprise.
During my visit during the last weekend in September of last year, both Grand Teton National Park and Yellowstone had forest fires in the area.  Thus, all of the locations had an unusual series of layers of tint in the sky created by the lingering smoke.
This shot of Oxbow Bend shows that sometimes that "smoke layer" can produce different imagery than one would normally find.....
Standing on the overlook of Peyto Lake is a magical experience. Your mind tells you that lake water shouldn't be the color of turquoise....but there it is in front of you to prove your mind wrong.
We're headed back to Banff National Park this September to photograph all the spectacular locations....drop me a line if you'd like to join us.
Second Beach - Olympic National Park
Love - National Geographic Assignment winning photo <3
Pair of swans in "Swan River - Western Australia", Posing seagull and lovely rain and .. The beautiful City of Perth. 
Moraine Lake, Valley of the ten peaks, Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada
September 6, 2006 • Taken by Moshe
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Photos are © 2005 and on to Raya (Lorien), Joe & Moshe, 
. All rights reserved. You may not download or copy anything from JoLoLog, unless you E-mail us, ask first and get our written permission.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
It's snowing outside, since yesterday. It's beautifully white and 0 C cold! What the hell... summer is not even over yet! Time to look for some warm memories from summers gone by. Today's photo is from 8 years ago. It was a most amazing day in Moraine lake.
Uncompahgre National Forest, Near Capitol City (pop. 0), Hinson County, CO, September 2018
From a trip to Lake City for a few days. A tiny town in an awesome area.  
A Moraine Lake Morning
This was taken atop the apt named Rockpile at Moraine Lake in Banff National Park in early September.  If you have a moment, I hope you'll view it at one of the larger sizes.
A Golden Fall at the Barn
The southern Moulton Barn in late September in Grand Teton National Park....
More info here if you are interested:
Clements Mountain Dawn -- Glacier National Park, MT
Early in my short trip to Glacier National Park this past September, I made a casual ascent of Clements Mountain. On the way up, I noticed how the sunrise light really made the peak look spectacular. I vowed to find a location to showcase this scene at a later date.
A few days later, I found this little alpine tarn or maybe more aptly, a small pool. I came back a couple of days in a row at sunrise and managed to catch a beautiful show on the second morning.
Become a fan on Facebook!
Click the image to see it on black!
The famous Oxbow Bend reflection in Grand Teton National Park.
I am headed back in late September for an autumn foliage photo tour of this area. Please drop me a line in you're interested in joining us...
Back in September, I was happily zooming along the Icefields Parkway on my way to shoot Peyto Lake at sunrise. As I was passing Herbert Lake, I happened to glance down and noticed that the gas gauge in my rental car was registering empty. Making the best of a bad situation, I stopped and grabbed a few shots of the lake before turning back to Lake Louise for gas. I wish there had been time to find a cool foreground.  Some sunken logs are slightly visible in the foreground.
Herbert Lake - Banff National Park
Herbert Lake is one of the seven locations within the Banff National Park area that you can get stellar reflections of the mountains in a still glacial lake.
You should come join us when we head back to Banff in September for a photography getaway.....
Back in September, I was happily zooming along the Icefields Parkway on my way to shoot Peyto Lake at sunrise.  As I was passing Herbert Lake, I happened to glance down and noticed that the gas gauge in my rental car was registering empty.  Making the best of a bad situation, I stopped and grabbed a few shots of the lake before turning back to Lake Louise for gas.  I wish there had been time to find a cool foreground
							by freeedom1 * Back - but slowly
Driving through Exmoor National Park,Somerset.
Fishing cone hot spring, formerly a geyser in West Thumb Geyser Basin, Yellowstone National Park, Wyoming, USA.
Fishing cone is actually the rock formation that sticks out into Yellowstone Lake in the center right of the photo.  
From Wikipedia:  "The name Fishing Cone can be traced back to tales told by mountain men of a lake where one could catch a fish, immediately dunk it into the hot spring, and cook it on the hook."
Grand Canyon National Park
 now and there might even be more on the way....
black and white blog post