All Photos Tagged Leon Moisseiff
The Manhattan Bridge. One of the 3 bridges connecting Brooklyn and Lower Manhattan over the East River.
All of my images are Copyrighted and All Rights Reserved by me period. They may not be used or reproduced in any way without my explicit written permission.
Contact me if you are interested in a license or print.
This is what the bridge looks like most mornings, under a seige of fog.
World record holder for - World's longest suspension bridge span Golden Gate Bridge 1937–1964!
New York City - Manhattan Bridge
The photo shows the Manhattan Bridge, it´s a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan with Brooklyn. It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The Manhattan Bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff. 
Total length            2089 m
Width                        37,0 m
Height                    102,0 m
Longest span       451,0 m
Clearance below    41,1 m
My $95 Photo! Why?  back to my car I found a police ticket over $95 fine on my car... shit happend.. =)
Manhattan Bridge thomaspyttel.com
Thomas Pyttel Photography
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff, who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge.
The original pedestrian walkway on the south side of the bridge was reopened after forty years in June 2001. It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge, and again in 2007 while the bike lane was used for truck access during repairs to the lower motor roadway.
Main span: 1,470 ft (448 m)
Length of suspension cables: 3224 ft (983 m)
Total length: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
The neighborhood near the bridge on the Brooklyn side, once known as Fulton Landing has been gentrified and is called DUMBO, an acronym for Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass.
To celebrate the bridge's centennial anniversary, a series of events and exhibits were organized by the New York City Bridge Centennial Commission in October 2009. These included a ceremonial parade across the Manhattan Bridge on the morning of October 4 and a fireworks display in the evening. In 2009, the bridge was also designated as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers.
Manhattan Bridge: Taken on a NYC Waterfalls harbour cruise.
Photographer: a. golden, eyewash design - NYC, July 2008
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed and built by Polish bridge engineer Ralph Modjeski with the deflection cables designed by Leon Moisseiff, who later designed the infamous Tacoma Narrows Bridge in 1940. It has 4 vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). There are 3 vehicle lanes, 4 subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway on the lower level. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has 2 lanes in each direction, and the lower level can be one-way in peak direction or have 2 lanes in one direction and the other in the opposite direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use Manhattan Bridge.
The original pedestrian walkway on the south side of the bridge was reopened after sixty years in June 2001. It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge, and again in 2007 while the bike lane was used for truck access during repairs to the lower motor roadway.  
El puente de Tacoma Narrows son un par de puentes colgantes de 1600 metros de longitud con una distancia entre soportes de 850 m (el tercero más grande del mundo en la época en que fue construido). El puente es parte de la carretera Washington State Route 16 en su paso a través de Tacoma Narrows de Puget Sound desde Tacoma a Gig Harbor (Estados Unidos). La primera versión de este puente, apodado Galloping Gertie, fue diseñado por Clark Eldridge y modificado por Leon Moisseiff. En 1940, el puente se hizo famoso por su dramático colapso estructural inducido por el viento, evento que quedó registrado en una filmación. El puente de reemplazo se inauguró en 1950.
video del colapso del puente original 
El puente fue rediseñado y reconstruido utilizando una estructura de entramado abierto, además de elementos de apoyo para aumentar la rigidez. Esto permitió el paso del viento por el puente. El nuevo puente fue inaugurado el 14 de octubre de 1950, y tiene una longitud de 5.979 pies (1822 m) —40 pies (12 m) más largo que su predecesor—. Es actualmente el quinto puente en suspensión más largo de los Estados Unidos. Los habitantes locales apodaron el nuevo puente Sturdy Gertie, ya que las oscilaciones que acabaron con el anterior han sido eliminadas en éste.
Nuevo Puente de Tacoma Narrows.
Con esta experiencia se cambió el método de construcción de puentes, haciéndolos más aerodinámicos y reduciendo su esbeltez, para disminuir el efecto del viento.
							by Apostolis Giontzis
Photo taken from Brooklyn Heights (Washington St. & Water St.). Under the bridge, you can hardly see the Empire State Building. Unfortunately, I had only my wide angle lens with me, so the photo was heavily cropped :(
Manhattan Bridge, Lower Manhattan, 2013
This little-seen view of one of the Manhattan Bridge's towers, tower foundation, and superstructure was photographed by Steve West from  the Lower Manhattan riverfront on November 11, 2013.
Leon Solomon Moisseiff
Total lengt: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
"The Manhattan Bridge connects Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn. It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. Construction started in 1901 although the bridge did not open until 1912. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940.
It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction."
Benjamin Franklin Bridge, Philadelphia
The Benjamin Franklin Bridge (also known as the Ben Franklin Bridge), originally named the Delaware River Bridge, is a suspension bridge across the Delaware River connecting Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Camden, New Jersey. Named for American statesman Benjamin Franklin, the bridge is owned and operated by the Delaware River Port Authority. The chief engineer was Polish-born Ralph Modjeski, its design engineer was Leon Moisseiff, and the supervising architect was Paul Philippe Cret. At its completion on July 1, 1926, its 533-metre span made it the world's longest suspension bridge span, a distinction it would hold until the opening of the Ambassador Bridge in 1929.
The bridge currently carries highways I-676 and US 30, the latter since its opening or very soon thereafter.  The bridge also carries the Port Authority Transit Corporation's Lindenwold High-Speed Line (PATCO Speedline) via connecting tunnels on both sides of the bridge.
Once Upon a Time In America
Leon Solomon Moisseiff
Total lengt: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
"The Manhattan Bridge connects Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn. It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. Construction started in 1901 although the bridge did not open until 1912. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940.
It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction."
The Manhattan Bridge Sepia
Once Upon a Time In America
Manhattan from Brookling Bridge
							by Roberto AlcÃ¢ntara
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan at Canal Street with Brooklyn at the Flatbush Avenue Extension. The main span is 1,470 ft (448 m) long, with the suspension cables being 3,224 ft (983 m) long. The bridge's total length is 6,855 ft (2,089 m). This is one of four toll-free bridges spanning the East River.
The bridge opened to traffic on December 31, 1909. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff,[1] and is noted for its innovative design. As the first suspension bridge to employ Josef Melan's deflection theory for the stiffening of its deck, it is considered to be the forerunner of modern suspension bridges and this design served as the model for many of the long-span suspension bridges built in the first half of the twentieth century. The Manhattan Bridge was also the first suspension bridge to utilize a Warren truss in its design.  (from wikipedia)
TRIPLE X....The Ben Franklin Bridge
The Benjamin Franklin Bridge — known informally as the Ben Franklin Bridge and originally named the Delaware River Bridge — is a suspension bridge across the Delaware River connecting Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Camden, New Jersey. Owned and operated by the Delaware River Port Authority, it is one of four primary vehicular bridges between Philadelphia and southern New Jersey, along with the Betsy Ross, Walt Whitman, and Tacony-Palmyra Bridges.
The chief engineer of the bridge was Polish-born Ralph Modjeski, its design engineer was Leon Moisseiff, and the supervising architect was Paul Philippe Cret. At its completion on July 1, 1926, its 1,750-foot (533-meter) span made it the world's longest suspension bridge span, a distinction it would hold until the opening of the Ambassador Bridge in 1929.
Panorama Shot of the Manhattan Bridge shot from the Brooklyn Bridge
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension) on Long Island. It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff, who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge.
The original pedestrian walkway on the south side of the bridge was reopened after sixty years in June 2001. It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge, and again in 2007 while the bike lane was used for truck access during repairs to the lower motor roadway.
    * Main span: 1,470 ft (448 m)
    * Length of suspension cables: 3224 ft (983 m)
    * Total length: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
The neighborhood near the bridge on the Brooklyn side, once known as Fulton Landing has been gentrified and is called DUMBO, an acronym for Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass.
8 vertical shots taken at 180mm (using the Nikon 180mm f/2.8) and combined in PTGui. B/W, sepia processing done in Photoshop for the antique look.
verpass.  It was a nice day, so I walked from lower Manhattan to Brooklyn where can clearly see the Empire State Building in the crosshairs of the the bridge's abutment.
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan at Canal Street with Downtown Brooklyn at the Flatbush Avenue Extension. The main span is 1,470 ft (448 m) long, with the suspension cables being 3,224 ft (983 m) long. The bridge's total length is 6,855 ft (2,089 m). This is one of four toll-free bridges spanning the East River; the other three are the Queensboro, Brooklyn, and Williamsburg Bridges.
The bridge opened to traffic on December 31, 1909. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff, and is noted for its innovative design. As the first suspension bridge to employ Josef Melan's deflection theory for the stiffening of its deck, it is considered to be the forerunner of modern suspension bridges and this design served as the model for many of the long-span suspension bridges built in the first half of the twentieth century.
Le pont de Manhattan est un pont suspendu de la ville de New York au-dessus de l'East River, qui relie la partie inférieure de l'île de Manhattan à l'arrondissement de Brooklyn. Le pont a été ouvert au public le 31 décembre 1909, alors que sa construction (d'un coût de 31 millions de dollars de l'époque) n'était pas encore achevée. Il sera complètement terminé en 1912. (Wikipédia)
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff.  (Wikipedia)
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff,[1] who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge.
The original pedestrian walkway on the south side of the bridge was reopened after forty years in June 2001.[4] It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge, and again in 2007 while the bike lane was used for truck access during repairs to the lower motor roadway.
Beneath The Manhattan Bridge
Manhattan Bridge in Dark Blue and Orange 
							by Christian Krieglsteiner
HDRtist HDR Rendering - 
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff,[1] who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge.
The original pedestrian walkway on the south side of the bridge was reopened after forty years in June 2001.[4] It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge, and again in 2007 while the bike lane was used for truck access during repairs to the lower motor roadway.
Main span: 1,470 ft (448 m)
Length of suspension cables: 3224 ft (983 m)
Total length: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
The neighborhood near the bridge on the Brooklyn side, once known as Fulton Landing has been gentrified and is called DUMBO, an acronym for Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass.
To celebrate the bridge's centennial anniversary, a series of events and exhibits were organized by the New York City Bridge Centennial Commission in October 2009. These included a ceremonial parade across the Manhattan Bridge on the morning of October 4 and a fireworks display in the evening.[5] In 2009, the bridge was also designated as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers.[6]
The New York skyscraper fever continues to alter the city’s skyline has now spread to the lower eastside as Extell’s One Manhattan Square 850 foot edifice under construction towers over the western portion of the Manhattan Bridge forever changing view from DUMBO of the third of the four major bridges built over the East River.  Unlike the iconic Brooklyn Bridge which was principally the design of one engineer John Roebling, the Manhattan Bridge had multiple engineers involved in its design and much of that was due to the politics involved.  The 3rd or Suspension Bridge Number 3 as it was originally designated was credited to elevated railway magnate Fredrick Uhlmann who proposed a railway bridge just north of the current location of the Manhattan together with his other proposal what today is the Williamsburg Bridge in 1892, this is before the subterranean subway.  In 1895, the Williamsburg Bridge was approved a second bridge with mixed traffic, street cars and railroad to the borough but the railway bridge was a no.  Go forward six years, 1901, New York City now has the New York City Department of Bridges, its new commissioner civil engineer Gustav Lindenthal whose hands were in the Williamsburg, Hell Gate and Queensboro Bridges as well who comes up with proposal for Suspension Bridge number 3 which would connect the Bowery & Canal in Manhattan’s Chinatown with Flatbush Avenue in Brooklyn.  New York City Mayor Seth Low supported the proposal for another bridge in leading to downtown Brooklyn that would alleviate the gridlock on the Brooklyn Bridge so Lindenthal appointed R.S. Buck as chief engineer.
The original Lindenthal design was a hybrid featuring elements of the Williamsburg and Brooklyn Bridges with massive steel towers and 55 foot deep stiffening trusses, where the towers would have minaret-like crowns. The Municipal Art Commission turned down the proposal.  It took two years but Lindenthal came back with a radical design different from any in American bridge design.  The towers in particular featured a flexible tower design that differed from the rigid three dimensional towers of both the Brooklyn and Williamsburg Bridges and would be the first such application for a suspension bridge.  Lindenthal’s design met with much resistance and public questioning of the new designs, the battle wages into the next year when newly elected mayor George McClellan who had links to the infamous Tammany Hall and an association with Roebling Wire Works removed Lindenthal as the city’s bridge commissioner.  
McClellan appointed George E. Best the new commissioner who then appointed a new chief engineer Othniel Nichols who in turn used a design based developed by a design engineer of the Bridge Department named Leon Moisseiff called deflection theory.  As they proceeded, a horrible tragedy happened with the Quebec Bridge in August of 1907 that claimed 75 lives, Rudolph Modjeski was added to the team to work with Nichols and Moisseiff as a precaution.  The final design included Lindenthal’s two dimensional towers, and approaches to the bridge but the rest of the design relying heavily on traditional suspension design featured four main wire-spun cables.  Lindenthal continued to hold a grudge against the Mayor McClellan publicly criticizing him, so the Mayor McClellan put pressure on the city bridge team to complete the bridge.   He was not re-elected but as one his last acts on December 31st, 1909 Mayor George McClellan Jr. officially opened the $31 million Manhattan Bridge.  The bridge opened but the four trolley car tracks on top, the four subway track and the pedestrian walkway were not completed as the new administration made changes to the oversight of the Bridge Commissioner even though Rudolf Modjeski gave the Manhattan Bridge a clean bill of health.  That’s a lot engineers and sadly when in 1978 cracking and corrosion let to an investigation  that found the final design had not  accounted correctly for the subway car loads particularly as the cars first started out on the span and continued uses had resulted in near fatal damage.   That combined with corrosion on one of the eyebars that anchored the bridge forced it to be shut down.  Eventually a plan to repair the span was begun that ended up spanning over 20 years with delays factored in with a cost of $646 million dollars.
This image was captured as the sun had set, during the golden hour from the banks of Brooklyn Bridge Park.   Captured with an Olympus E-5 using an Olympus Zuiko Digital ED 12-60mm F2.8-4.0 SWD lens on a Mefoto tripod raw file processed in Adobe Photoshop Lightroom. 
New York - Le pont de Manhattan (1901-1912, Leon S. Moisseiff, architecte) & le Chrysler Building (1928-1930)
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff,[1] who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge
New York City Manhattan bridge USA
Please Give Image Credit To: 'https://www.tayloright.com'.
«Vista de Manhattan y Puentes de Broocklyn (Ingenieros: John Augustus Roebling, Washington Roebling) y de Manhattan (Ingeniero: Ralph Modjeski)» Río Este - desde Brooklyn Bridge Park-Main Street Park - c/ Plymouth St. - DUMBO (Brooklyn) - Nueva York
El puente de Brooklyn (conocido inicialmente como "puente de Nueva York y Brooklyn") une los distritos de Manhattan y de Brooklyn en la ciudad de Nueva York. Fue construido entre 1870 y 1883 y, en el momento de su inauguración, era el puente colgante más grande del mundo (mide 1825 metros de largo, y la luz entre pilares es de 486,3 metros), récord de luz hasta que en 1889 se construye el Forth Bridge, con una luz máxima de 521 m. También fue el primero suspendido mediante cables de acero. Desde entonces, se ha convertido en uno de los símbolos más reconocibles de Nueva York.
Es un emblema de la ingeniería del siglo XIX por lo innovador que fue en aquel entonces el uso del acero como material constructivo a gran escala. Está tan bien construido, que actualmente todavía se encuentra en uso. La figura del puente se suele utilizar como base en muchas de las fotografías tipo “skyline” (tipo horizonte) para representar a la ciudad de Nueva York.
El puente fue diseñado por una firma de ingenieros propiedad de John Augustus Roebling, de Trenton (Nueva Jersey). Roebling y su firma habían construido anteriormente puentes colgantes más pequeños, como el Acueducto de Delaware en Lackawaxen (Pensilvania), el Puente Colgante de Cincinnati (Ohio), o el Puente Colgante de Waco (Texas), que sirvió como prototipo para el diseño final del Puente de Brooklyn.
Durante el proceso de construcción, Roebling se fracturó gravemente un pie cuando un ferry chocó contra un muelle; pocas semanas más tarde, murió de tétanos a causa de la amputación de los dedos del pie. Su hijo, Washington Roebling, le sucedió en el cargo, pero sufrió una enfermedad causada por su trabajo en los pozos de cimentación, el síndrome de descompresión o "enfermedad de los buzos". La esposa de Washington, Emily Warren Roebling, se convirtió en su ayudante, aprendiendo ingeniería y comunicando las instrucciones de su marido a los ayudantes sobre el terreno. Cuando el puente se abrió al público, ella fue la primera persona en cruzarlo. Su marido, en cambio, raras veces visitó su obra, ya que vivía en Trenton (Nueva Jersey) durante el proceso de construcción.
La construcción del Puente de Brooklyn comenzó el 2 de enero de 1870, y concluyó trece años más tarde, el 24 de mayo de 1883, cuando fue abierto al público. El primer día lo cruzaron un total de más de 1800 vehículos y 150.000 personas. En su construcción se gastaron 15,1 millones de dólares y murieron 27 personas.
En marzo de 1994 el libanés Rashid Baz abrió fuego sobre una furgoneta ocupada por miembros del grupo ortodoxo judío Chabad-Lubavitch mientras circulaban sobre el Puente de Brooklyn. Una de las víctimas, Ari Halberstam, de 15 años, falleció en el hospital días después. Aparentemente, Baz actuó movido por el deseo de vengar la matanza de Hebrón de 1994, en la que murieron 29 musulmanes. Baz fue condenado por asesinato a 141 años de cárcel; en el año 2000, su caso fue recalificado como "ataque terrorista". La rampa de acceso al Puente desde Manhattan lleva actualmente el nombre de Ari Halberstam.
En 2003, un hombre llamado Iyman Faris fue condenado a veinte años de cárcel por suministrar información a Al-Qaeda, después de que se descubriera una trama para hacer caer el puente de Brooklyn cortando sus cables metálicos con sopletes.
El puente está construido con piedra caliza, granito y cemento. Su estilo arquitectónico es neogótico, con sus característicos arcos apuntados en las dos torres laterales.
Pese a que en la época en que se construyó no se realizaban pruebas de aerodinámica a los puentes (esta técnica sólo comenzó a emplearse en los años cincuenta del siglo XX), la estructura abierta del puente evitó que hubiera problemas de estabilidad debido al viento. Además, Roebling había calculado que con los soportes de cable metálico el puente era seis veces más resistente de lo estrictamente necesario, lo que explica que todavía se mantenga en pie cuando gran parte de los puentes colgantes construidos en la misma época no se mantienen. Por otra parte, durante la construcción se descubrió que J. Lloyd Haigh, encargado de proporcionar el cable para el Puente, había sustituido el elegido originalmente por otro de inferior calidad. Cuando se descubrió el trueque, era demasiado tarde para desmontar la parte ya construida, con lo cual su resistencia se redujo, según los cálculos de Roebling, a sólo cuatro veces la estrictamente necesaria. En el momento de su inauguración, el Puente de Brooklyn era el puente colgante más largo del mundo (un 50% más largo que ninguno construido anteriormente). Además, durante muchos años las torres que lo sostienen a ambos lados fueron las estructuras más altas del hemisferio occidental. Actualmente, el puente dispone de seis carriles para vehículos (excepto camiones y autobuses, y una pasarela independiente para bicicletas y peatones. Desde los años ochenta, está iluminado por las noches para acentuar su silueta.
• Justificación del puente de Brooklyn:
El puente de Brooklyn es una obra de ingeniería de carácter de infraestructura, cuya principal función es la de unir por vía terrestre la isla de Manhattan con la zona de Brooklyn, debido a la creciente demanda de las personas que viven allí, y necesitaban desplazarse a sus trabajos en Manhattan. Anteriormente, este recorrido era hecho por Ferry a través del río Este. Este trayecto muchas veces era peligroso, debido a la gran velocidad del río, y el clima cambiante de la ciudad, la cual presenta estaciones (primavera, verano, otoño e invierno). Además el viaje siempre se hacía un poco largo y tedioso, por lo cual la municipalidad de Nueva York decidió ejecutar la construcción de esta obra.
El puente de Brooklyn es más que un puente que cruza el East River, es todo un símbolo de la ciudad de Nueva York que además marcó un hito en la historia al utilizar por primera vez en este tipo de construcciones el acero y por ser durante 20 años el puente colgante más largo del mundo.
Cuando en 1852 el ingeniero y propietario de una compañía metalúrgica llamado John Augustus Roebling no pudo llegar a Brooklyn con el Atlantic Avenue-Fulton Street Ferry debido al hielo que cubría el río, ideó la solución con la construcción de un puente. Tres años más tarde ya había desarrollado el proyecto al que él mismo denominaría como una grandiosa obra de arte.
La idea de Roebling fue recibida con entusiasmo por los gobernantes de Manhattan y Brooklyn, por entonces ciudades independientes, pero el apoyo económico lo encontró en William C. Kingsley que, debido a sus influencias políticas, presionó para que una empresa privada pudiera construir y administrar la construcción de un puente que uniera las dos ciudades. En 1867 se funda la New York Bridge Company que sería la encargada de administrar los fondos públicos de las ciudades de Nueva York y Brooklyn para la construcción y mantenimiento del puente.
El 1 de junio de 1869, se aprueba el diseño del puente, pero cinco días después Roebling sufre un accidente cuando un trasbordador que entraba en el muelle de Brooklyn aplasta su pie. A pesar de la amputación de la extremidad, murió a causa del tétano. Su hijo, Washington, se hizo cargo del proyecto y el 3 de enero de 1870, se inicia la construcción.
Las obras desde su inicio fueron muy duras. Se utilizaron 600 obreros inmigrantes que tuvieron que trabajar en condiciones miserables y peligrosas. Para la excavación del terreno por debajo del río, donde se construirían arcones neumáticos, se utilizó dinamita. Los continuos accidentes y el aeroembolismo, enfermedad ocasionada por los cambios de presión en el agua, provocó la muerte de 20 obreros. El mismo Washington sufrió los efectos de dicha enfermedad y quedó postrado en la cama. A través de la ventana de su apartamento en Brooklyn, supervisó y dirigió las obras gracias a la ayuda de su mujer Emily, quien daba las órdenes pertinentes a ingenieros y constructores.
En agosto de 1876, las orillas de Manhattan y Brooklyn son unidas por primera vez a través de un cable de acero. Para demostrar su resistencia, el maestro mecánico E. F. Farrington cruzó el East River deslizándose por el cable montado en una silla. En febrero de 1877, se finalizaría la construcción de las torres de anclaje y los pilares que quedarían unidos de forma provisional a través de una pasarela peatonal. Los dos pilares, de estilo gótico con doble arcada y una altura de 84 metros, sólo eran superados por la torre de la Trinity Church, en Wall Street.
Hasta ese momento, el cable de acero sólo se había empleado en la construcción de ferrocarriles, pero no en estructuras como la de los puentes, en los que se había utilizado el hierro. Los cuatro cables de acero encargados de sujetar la plataforma del puente unen las torres de anclaje en cada orilla del río con los pilares. Cada cable tiene un diámetro de 40 centímetros y está compuesto por 19 hilos de acero. En octubre de 1878 se completa la instalación de los cables principales y se procede a instalar los cables de suspensión y las vigas de la plataforma del puente. En total, más de 23.000 kilómetros de cable de suspensión sujetan el puente.
En origen el puente estaba diseñado para albergar en los extremos dos calzadas de doble vía para carruajes y caballería, dos vías de tranvía en el centro y una plataforma peatonal elevada. El tramo principal del puente, que une los dos pilares, tiene una longitud de 486 metros y una anchura de 26 metros.
A comienzos de 1883 termina la construcción del puente. En total había costado $15.1 millones, duplicándose el presupuesto inicial. El 23 de mayo de 1883, el Presidente Chester Arthur y el gobernador Grover Cleveland inauguraron oficialmente el Puente de Brooklyn ante más de 14.000 invitados. El peaje para cruzarlo se estableció en un penique.
El sentido del puente es NO – SE (noroeste – sureste), y busca hacer una perpendicularidad en su base con respecto al río, para evitar la mayor erosión posible a causa de la fuerza de tracción producida por el río. Su emplazamiento también tiene en cuenta buscar el ángulo adecuado que generara la distancia más corta entre ambas orillas.
La principal razón de su trazado, fue la búsqueda de un punto de interconexión en la zona sur de Manhattan con Brooklyn, por lo que se optó por buscar una línea recta que uniera ambas zonas. Para esto, se usó la tecnología disponible en esa época (teodolito – instrumento de tránsito, como también niveles de precisión).
La construcción de las dos torres fueron hechas a cada lado de las orillas del puente, y en ambas, se encontró roca. La roca a atravesar en las zanjas de Manhattan y Brooklyn era una combinación de esquistos, gneis y granito, con resistencias a compresión simple de 80 a 200 MPa y dos fallas.
La roca de Manhattan tiene un historial estructural complejo, debido a varias fases de deformación superpuestas. Estos procesos determinaron la aparición de una masa de roca intensamente plegada y localmente cizallada, totalmente recristalizada y con zonas de fundición. La fase de plegado más importante se representa por los pliegues asimétricos y los asociados que definen la estructura regional de Manhattan.
Las discontinuidades de la masa de roca aparecen como materiales metamórficos y juntas provocadas por la actividad tectónica y el proceso de granitización. La foliación, las discontinuidades de la foliación y otras discontinuidades presentan una gran variación de tamaños, típica para este tipo de roca que ha soportado episodios tectónicos mayores como los procesos de plegado, roturas con formación de fallas e intrusiones. La existencia de cuatro familias dominantes de juntas en la zona de proyecto ha sido confirmada por la cartografía geológica de la roca y por sondeos dirigidos.
• Fundaciones (Cimentaciones):
Las basamentas son sólidas estructuras cúbicas de mampostería de piedra, que miden 119 por 132 metros en la base, elevándose hasta unos 27 m por encima del nivel del agua. Su peso es de aproximadamente 60.000 toneladas cada uno, que se utiliza para resistir la tracción de los cables. El modo de anclaje de los cables se describe más adelante.
Los anclajes extremos distan 283 m de las torres, naciendo desde abajo, desde las riberas del río. A medida que avanzan hacia las torres, las catenarias principales van elevándose de forma elegante hasta alcanzar la coronación de las torres, a 84 m de altura. En el vano entre las dos torres, la curva de las catenarias puede asemejarse, a mayor grandeza, con la forma invertida del arco iris.
El puente de Brooklyn, es un icono cultural altamente reconocible, era el sueño de John A. Roebling, el inventor del cable de alambre y un ingeniero constructor de puentes. El prototipo del puente, diseñado en 1867, era una estructura similar, aunque más pequeña sobre el río Ohio en Cincinnati. Las estupendas torres góticas se construyeron completamente de granito. La plataforma de tránsito cuelga de alambres retorcidos de acero con un diámetro de 5 centímetros amarrados a partir de dos grandes pares de cables, las llamadas catenarias, de 65 centímetros de diámetro. Cada cable se compone de 5.296 alambres de acero (la longitud total usada de alambre es 23 106 m). Cada uno de los cuatro cables es capaz de sostener una carga viva de 12.000 toneladas.
El puente consta de seis carriles (tres en cada sentido) hechos de concreto rígido. Estos cumplen las especificaciones estándar de 3.30 metros de ancho. Además, existe un nivel superior que es usado para el tráfico de peatones y bicicletas.
Tiene un tráfico diario en promedio de 145.000 vehículos, y actualmente es una de las múltiples vías de acceso por el río Este. El tráfico está restringido, debido a que la altura máxima es de 10 pies (3,40 metros).
El Puente de Manhattan (del inglés: Manhattan Bridge) es un puente colgante que cruza el río Este en la Ciudad de Nueva York, que conecta al Bajo Manhattan (en la Calle Canal) con Brooklyn (en la Extensión de la Avenida Flatbush) en Long Island. Fue el último de los tres puentes colgantes de la parte baja del Río Este en ser construido, precedido de los puentes de Brooklyn y del Puente de Williamsburg.
El puente fue abierto al tráfico el 31 de diciembre de 1909 y fue diseñado y construido por el ingeniero de puentes polaco Ralph Modjeski con el desvío de cables diseñado por León Moisseiff, que luego diseñó el desconocido Galloping Gertie (el del Puente Angosto de Tacoma que se derrumbó en 1940). Tiene cuatro carriles de vehículos en el nivel superior (divididos entre dos caminos). El nivel inferior tiene tres carriles, cuatro vías del metro, una acera peatonal y una ciclovía. El nivel superior, que originalmente era utilizado para tranvías, cuenta con dos carriles en cada dirección, y el nivel más bajo es de un sólo sentido. Anteriormente la Ruta Estatal de Nueva York 27 pasaba por el puente y después estaba prevista que pasara la Ruta Estatal de Nueva York 478. No se cobran peajes para los vehículos de motor que utilizan el puente de Manhattan.
El camino peatonal original en el lado sur del puente fue reabierto después de sesenta años, en junio de 2001. También fue utilizado por bicicletas hasta finales del verano de 2004, cuando se abrió una ciclo vía en el lado norte del puente. Así, se estima que cada día cruzan el puente 450.000 personas en 85.400 vehículos y 950 trenes. Se calcula que el 75% de los usuarios que transitan por el Manhattan Bridge lo hacen en transporte público, y que un mínimo de 4.000 ciclistas lo atraviesan cada jornada.
Manhattan Bridge, New York USA
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff,[1] who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge
Underneath the Brooklyn Bridge
Brooklyn Bridge: The Brooklyn Bridge is one of the oldest suspension bridges in the United States. Completed in 1883, it connects the New York City boroughs of Manhattan and Brooklyn by spanning the East River. With a main span of 1,595.5 feet (486.3 m), it was the longest suspension bridge in the world from its opening until 1903, and the first steel-wire suspension bridge.
Originally referred to as the New York and Brooklyn Bridge, it was dubbed the Brooklyn Bridge in a January 25, 1867 letter to the editor of the Brooklyn Daily Eagle,[5] and formally so named by the city government in 1915. Since its opening, it has become an iconic part of the New York skyline. It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964[4][6][7] and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark in 1972.[8]
Manhattan Bridge:  The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff,[1] who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge.
							by Susanne, Photography
Sunset view from the Golden Gate Bridge.
Strauss was chief engineer in charge of overall design and construction of the bridge project.[11] However, because he had little understanding or experience with cable-suspension designs,[17] responsibility for much of the engineering and architecture fell on other experts.
Irving Morrow, a relatively unknown residential architect, designed the overall shape of the bridge towers, the lighting scheme, and Art Deco elements such as the streetlights, railing, and walkways. The famous International Orange color was originally used as a sealant for the bridge. Many locals persuaded Morrow to paint the bridge in the vibrant orange color instead of the standard silver or gray, and the color has been kept ever since.[18]
Senior engineer Charles Alton Ellis, collaborating remotely with famed bridge designer Leon Moisseiff, was the principal engineer of the project.[19] Moisseiff produced the basic structural design, introducing his "deflection theory" by which a thin, flexible roadway would flex in the wind, greatly reducing stress by transmitting forces via suspension cables to the bridge towers.[19] Although the Golden Gate Bridge design has proved sound, a later Moisseiff design, the original Tacoma Narrows Bridge, collapsed in a strong windstorm soon after it was completed, because of an unexpected aeroelastic flutter.[20]
Ellis was a Greek scholar and mathematician who at one time was a University of Illinois professor of engineering despite having no engineering degree (he eventually earned a degree in civil engineering from University of Illinois prior to designing the Golden Gate Bridge and spent the last twelve years of his career as a professor at Purdue University). He became an expert in structural design, writing the standard textbook of the time.[21] Ellis did much of the technical and theoretical work that built the bridge, but he received none of the credit in his lifetime. In November 1931, Strauss fired Ellis and replaced him with a former subordinate, Clifford Paine, ostensibly for wasting too much money sending telegrams back and forth to Moisseiff.[21] Ellis, obsessed with the project and unable to find work elsewhere during the Depression, continued working 70 hours per week on an unpaid basis, eventually turning in ten volumes of hand calculations.
Text Description Source: Wikipedia
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff,[1] who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge.
The original pedestrian walkway on the south side of the bridge was reopened after forty years in June 2001. It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge, and again in 2007 while the bike lane was used for truck access during repairs to the lower motor roadway.
    * Main span: 1,470 ft (448 m)
    * Length of suspension cables: 32243,224 ft (983 m)
    * Total length: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
The neighborhood near the bridge on the Brooklyn side, once known as Fulton Landing has been gentrified and is called DUMBO, an acronym for District Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass.
To celebrate the bridge's centennial anniversary, a series of events and exhibits were organized by the New York City Bridge Centennial Commission in October 2009. These included a ceremonial parade across the Manhattan Bridge on the morning of October 4 and a fireworks display in the evening. In 2009, the bridge was also designated as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers.
Para cruzarlo o para no cruzarlo 
en la otra orilla alguien me espera 
con un durazno y un país 
traigo conmigo ofrendas desusadas
entre ellas un paraguas de ombligo de madera 
un libro con los pánicos en blanco
y una guitarra que no sé abrazar
vengo con las mejillas del insomnio
los pañuelos del mar y de las paces 
las tímidas pancartas del dolor
las liturgias del beso y de la sombra 
nunca he traído tantas cosas
nunca he venido con tan poco
para cruzarlo o no cruzarlo 
en la otra orilla alguien me espera
con un durazno y un país 
 is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan with Brooklyn. The bridge was opened on December 31, 1909 and was designed and built by Polish bridge engineer Ralph Modjeski with the deflection cables designed by Leon Moisseiff, who later designed the infamous Tacoma Narrows Bridge in 1940. It has 4 vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways), and 3 vehicle lanes, 4 subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway on the lower level. The upper level has 2 lanes in each direction, and the lower level can be one-way in peak direction or have 2 lanes in one direction and the other in the opposite direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use Manhattan Bridge.
A new pedestrian walkway opened on the south side of the bridge in June 2001. It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge.
    * Span 1,470 ft (448 m)
    * anchorage-anchorage length 2,920 ft (890 m)
    * total length 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Sunrise at the Golden Gate bridge, with San Francisco and the East Bay hills in the background.
The iconic golden gate bridge - so called because it bridges the golden gate strait between the city of San Francisco and Marin county. The strait itself was called the golden gate because it reminded John Fremont, who named it in 1846, of the Golden Horn in Istanbul!
While the formal proposal to have a bridge spanning the golden gate was tabled in 1916, funding issues and a depression in between ensured that construction wouldn't begin until 1933. Working at incredible heights, cold foggy weather and the high winds normal in the strait, workers completed the bridge in a remarkable four years for the loss of eleven lives.
Though Joseph Strauss is largely credited  as the architect and designer of the bridge,  Strauss himself had proposed a cantilever bridge having had experience with only that type of construction.
The suspension design was serially developed by Leon Moisseiff (who designed the Manhattan bridge a few years earlier), Irving Morrow (responsible for the architecture of the towers themselves and the famous 'International orange' color of the bridge.) and senior engineer Charles Anton Ellis.
Hoping for fog, this is what I got. Disappointed? Absolutely not!
The camera was low on juice (kicks self again) and this was one of only two shots I got off before the dreaded "Change the battery pack" message showed up for good. So I will chalk this photo up to plain dumb luck.
 para ver en grande sobre negro.
© Derechos de Autor. Esta fotografía no podra usarse sin mi consentimiento escrito.
Mas fotos de Nueva York en 
***Album de New York City***
Puente de Manhattan (Manhattan Bridge)
 es un puente colgante que cruza el río Este en la Ciudad de Nueva York, que conecta al Bajo Manhattan (en la Calle Canal) con Brooklyn (en la Extensión de la Avenida Flatbush) en Long Island. Fue el último de los tres puentes colgantes de la parte baja del Río Este en ser construido, precedido de los puentes de Brooklyn y del Puente de Williamsburg. 
El puente fue abierto al tráfico el 31 de diciembre de 1909 y fue diseñado y construido por el ingeniero de puentes polaco Ralph Modjeski con el desvío de cables diseñado por León Moisseiff , que luego diseñó el desconocido Galloping Gertie (el del Puente Angosto de Tacoma que se derrumbó en 1940). Tiene cuatro carriles de vehículos en el nivel superior (divididos entre dos caminos). El nivel inferior tiene tres carriles, cuatro vías del metro, una acera peatonal y una ciclovía. El nivel superior, que originalmente era utilizado para tranvías, cuenta con dos carriles en cada dirección, y el nivel más bajo es de un sólo sentido. Anteriormente la Ruta Estatal de Nueva York 27 pasaba por el puente y después estaba prevista que pasara la Ruta Estatal de Nueva York 478. 
No se cobran peajes para los vehículos de motor que utilizan el puente de Manhattan. El camino peatonal original en el lado sur del puente fue reabierto después de sesenta años, en junio de 2001. También fue utilizado por bicicletas hasta finales del verano de 2004, cuando se abrió una ciclo vía en el lado norte del puente.
Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco, CA
Golden Gate Bridge (Joseph Strauss, Irving Morrow, Charles Ellis, Leon Moisseiff, 1937) - La traversée du Pont
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan at 
Canal Street with Brooklyn at the Flatbush Avenue Extension. 
Address: Manhattan Bridge, New York, NY
Total length: 6,855' (2,089 m)
Construction started: 1901
Area: 16 acres (6 ha)
Location: Brooklyn, Manhattan, New York City
Architect: Leon Moisseiff
Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco, CA
Golden Gate Bridge (Joseph Strauss, Irving Morrow, Charles Ellis, Leon Moisseiff, 1937) - Conzelman Rd
In this image you can see up the East River and see the two most popular NYC crossings. The Brooklyn Bridge and the Manhattan Bridge.
The Brooklyn Bridge opened in 1883. At the time, it was the longest suspension bridge.
The Manhattan bridge opened to traffic on December 31, 1909. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff
NYC, United States - Manhattan Bridge
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan at Canal Street with Downtown Brooklyn at the Flatbush Avenue Extension. The main span is 448 m long, with the suspension cables being 983 m long. The bridge's total length is 2,089 m. This is one of four toll-free bridges spanning the East River; the other three are the Queensboro, Williamsburg, and Brooklyn Bridges.
The bridge opened to traffic on December 31, 1909. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff, and is noted for its innovative design. As the first suspension bridge to employ Josef Melan's deflection theory for the stiffening of its deck, it is considered to be the forerunner of modern suspension bridges and this design served as the model for many of the long-span suspension bridges built in the first half of the twentieth century. The Manhattan Bridge was also the first suspension bridge to utilize a Warren truss in its design.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to: navigation, search
Benjamin Franklin Bridge 
Ben Franklin Bridge - looking South (02/2008) 
Official name Benjamin Franklin Bridge 
Carries 7 lanes of I-676 and US 30, 2 PATCO rail lines, and 2 sidewalks 
Crosses Delaware River 
Locale Philadelphia (Center City), Pennsylvania to Camden, New Jersey 
Maintained by Delaware River Port Authority of Pennsylvania and New Jersey 
Design steel suspension bridge 
Longest span 533.4 meters (1,750 feet) 
Total length 2,917.86 meters (9,573 feet) 
Width 39.01 meters (128 feet) 
Vertical clearance 5.12 meters (16.8 feet) 
Clearance below 41.19 meters (135 feet) 
Opening date July 1, 1926 
Toll Cars $4.00 (westbound into PA) (E-ZPass) 
Coordinates 39°57′09″N 75°08′03″W﻿ / ﻿39.9525°N -75.134166666666666666666666666667°E﻿ / 39.9525; -75.134166666666666666666666666667Coordinates: 39°57′09″N 75°08′03″W﻿ / ﻿39.9525°N -75.134166666666666666666666666667°E﻿ / 39.9525; -75.134166666666666666666666666667 
 Wikimedia Commons has media related to: Benjamin Franklin Bridge 
The Benjamin Franklin Bridge (also known as the Ben Franklin Bridge), originally named the Delaware River Bridge, is a suspension bridge across the Delaware River connecting Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Camden, New Jersey. Named for American statesman Benjamin Franklin, the bridge is owned and operated by the Delaware River Port Authority. The chief engineer was Polish-born Ralph Modjeski, its design engineer was Leon Moisseiff, and the supervising architect was Paul Philippe Cret. At its completion on July 1, 1926, its 533-metre span made it the world's longest suspension bridge span, a distinction it would hold until the opening of the Ambassador Bridge in 1929.
The bridge currently carries highways I-676 and US 30, the latter since its opening or very soon thereafter. Before the 1953 New Jersey State Highway renumbering, Route 25, Route 43 and Route 45 ended in the middle of the bridge. The bridge also carries the Port Authority Transit Corporation's Lindenwold High-Speed Line (PATCO Speedline) via connecting tunnels on both sides of the bridge.
Pedestrian walkways run along both sides of the bridge, elevated over and separated from the vehicular lanes; of these, only one is open at a time. Walkway hours are 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. (7:00 p.m. during daylight saving time). The DRPA temporarily closed the walkways to the public the day after the 7 July 2005 London bombings, citing security concerns. The DRPA also closes the walkway after snowfall.
The seven vehicular lanes are divided by a concrete "zipper" barrier, which can be mechanically moved to configure the lanes for traffic volume or construction. Before the introduction of the zipper barrier, red and green signals mounted on overhead gantries indicated which lanes were open or closed to traffic in each direction. The gantries remain, but the addition of the zipper barrier allows all seven lanes of the bridge to carry traffic at all times; before it was installed, one lane of the bridge was kept closed at peak times to reduce the risk of head-on collisions.
The bridge's original design included six vehicular lanes and two streetcar tracks on the main deck, with provision for a rapid transit track in each direction outboard of the deck's stiffening trusses, which rise above the deck rather than lie beneath it. The tracks were built to the nonstandard broad gauge of the Public Service Company of New Jersey's Camden streetcar system; the design called for the cars to cross the bridge from Camden to Philadelphia, enter an underground terminal beneath the bridge's west entrance plaza, and return to Camden via the opposite track. Streetcar stations were also built in the bridge's anchorages. None of the streetcar facilities were ever placed in service, as Public Service ran no cars across the bridge from its opening until the company abandoned its Camden streetcar system in 1932; after that, the tracks were removed and the space converted to vehicular lanes. The rapid transit tracks went into service in 1936 with the opening of the Bridge Line subway connecting Broadway and City Hall in Camden with 8th and Market streets in Philadelphia; the Bridge Line, extended to 16th and Locust in 1952, began carrying PATCO trains in 1969.
Another pic of the Manhattan Bridge in the fog, this time in the early morning. The Sigma 12-24mm is so wide on a full frame, it really distorts the elements in the photo!
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn (at Flatbush Avenue Extension). It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. The bridge was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909 and was designed by Leon Moisseiff, who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940. It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction. It once carried New York State Route 27 and later was planned to carry Interstate 478. No tolls are charged for motor vehicles to use the Manhattan Bridge.
The original pedestrian walkway on the south side of the bridge was reopened after forty years in June 2001. It was also used by bicycles until late summer 2004, when a dedicated bicycle path was opened on the north side of the bridge, again in 2007 while the bike lane was used for truck access during repairs to the lower motor roadway, and for a third time in 2011, when ongoing construction on the north side of the bridge necessitated narrow shelters, narrowing the path to make it unsafe for cycling.
Main span: 1,470 ft (448 m)
Length of suspension cables: 3,224 ft (983 m)
Total length: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
The neighborhood near the bridge on the Brooklyn side, once known as Fulton Landing has been gentrified and is called DUMBO, an acronym for Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass.
To celebrate the bridge's centennial anniversary, a series of events and exhibits were organized by the New York City Bridge Centennial Commission in October 2009. These included a ceremonial parade across the Manhattan Bridge on the morning of October 4 and a fireworks display in the evening. In 2009, the bridge was also designated as a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark by the American Society of Civil Engineers.
read more from Wikipedia here
For more, please visit 
The Golden Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning the Golden Gate strait, the one-mile-wide (1.6 km), three-mile-long (4.8 km) channel between San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean. The structure links the U.S. city of San Francisco, on the northern tip of the San Francisco Peninsula, to Marin County, bridging both U.S. Route 101 and California State Route 1 across the strait. The bridge is one of the most internationally recognized symbols of San Francisco, California, and the United States. It has been declared one of the Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers. 
The Frommers travel guide considers the Golden Gate Bridge "possibly the most beautiful, certainly the most photographed, bridge in the world". It opened in 1937 and was, until 1964, the longest suspension bridge main span in the world, at 4,200 feet (1,300 m).
Strauss was chief engineer in charge of overall design and construction of the bridge project. However, because he had little understanding or experience with cable-suspension designs, responsibility for much of the engineering and architecture fell on other experts. Strauss' initial design proposal (two double cantilever spans linked by a central suspension segment) was unacceptable from a visual standpoint. The final graceful suspension design was conceived and championed by New York’s Manhattan Bridge designer Leon Moisseiff. 
Irving Morrow, a relatively unknown residential architect, designed the overall shape of the bridge towers, the lighting scheme, and Art Deco elements, such as the tower decorations, streetlights, railing, and walkways. The famous International Orange color was originally used as a sealant for the bridge. The US Navy had wanted it to be painted with black and yellow stripes to ensure visibility by passing ships. 
Senior engineer Charles Alton Ellis, collaborating remotely with Moisseiff, was the principal engineer of the project. Moisseiff produced the basic structural design, introducing his "deflection theory" by which a thin, flexible roadway would flex in the wind, greatly reducing stress by transmitting forces via suspension cables to the bridge towers. Although the Golden Gate Bridge design has proved sound, a later Moisseiff design, the original Tacoma Narrows Bridge, collapsed in a strong windstorm soon after it was completed, because of an unexpected aeroelastic flutter.[25] Ellis was also tasked with designing a "bridge within a bridge" in the southern abutment, to avoid the need to demolish Fort Point, a pre-Civil War masonry fortification viewed, even then, as worthy of historic preservation. He penned a graceful steel arch spanning the fort and carrying the roadway to the bridge's southern anchorage. 
Ellis was a Greek scholar and mathematician who at one time was a University of Illinois professor of engineering despite having no engineering degree. He eventually earned a degree in civil engineering from the University of Illinois prior to designing the Golden Gate Bridge and spent the last twelve years of his career as a professor at Purdue University. He became an expert in structural design, writing the standard textbook of the time. Ellis did much of the technical and theoretical work that built the bridge, but he received none of the credit in his lifetime. In November 1931, Strauss fired Ellis and replaced him with a former subordinate, Clifford Paine, ostensibly for wasting too much money sending telegrams back and forth to Moisseiff. Ellis, obsessed with the project and unable to find work elsewhere during the Depression, continued working 70 hours per week on an unpaid basis, eventually turning in ten volumes of hand calculations. 
With an eye toward self-promotion and posterity, Strauss downplayed the contributions of his collaborators who, despite receiving little recognition or compensation, are largely responsible for the final form of the bridge. He succeeded in having himself credited as the person most responsible for the design and vision of the bridge. Only much later were the contributions of the others on the design team properly appreciated In May 2007, the Golden Gate Bridge District issued a formal report on 70 years of stewardship of the famous bridge and decided to give Ellis major credit for the design of the bridge.
Postcard is NOT for trade.
Manhattan Bridge: View of Manhattan Bridge in the evening. The Manhattan bridge links Canal Street in Lower Manhattan to Flatbush Ave. in Brooklyn. Leon Moisseiff was the engineer who designed the Manhattan Bridge. The approaches were designed by the architectural team of Carrere and Hastings. Construction commenced October 1, 1901 and was opened to traffic on December 31, 1909. Total length of bridge is 6855 feet. The Brooklyn Bridge can be seen in the background.
Leon Solomon Moisseiff
Total lengt: 6,855 ft (2,089 m)
"The Manhattan Bridge connects Lower Manhattan (at Canal Street) with Brooklyn. It was the last of the three suspension bridges built across the lower East River, following the Brooklyn and the Williamsburg bridges. Construction started in 1901 although the bridge did not open until 1912. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff who later designed the infamous original Tacoma Narrows Bridge that opened and collapsed in 1940.
It has four vehicle lanes on the upper level (split between two roadways). The lower level has three lanes, four subway tracks, a walkway and a bikeway. The upper level, originally used for streetcars, has two lanes in each direction, and the lower level is one-way and has three lanes in peak direction."
Golden Gate Bridge, San Francisco, CA
Golden Gate Bridge (Joseph Strauss, Irving Morrow, Charles Ellis, Leon Moisseiff, 1937) - La traversée du Pont
Benjamin Franklin Bridge
The Benjamin Franklin Bridge — known informally as the Ben Franklin Bridge and originally named the Delaware River Bridge — is a suspension bridge across the Delaware River connecting Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Camden, New Jersey. Owned and operated by the Delaware River Port Authority, it is one of four primary vehicular bridges between Philadelphia and southern New Jersey, along with the Betsy Ross, Walt Whitman, and Tacony-Palmyra Bridges.
The chief engineer of the bridge was Polish-born Ralph Modjeski, its design engineer was Leon Moisseiff, and the supervising architect was Paul Philippe Cret. At its completion on July 1, 1926, its 1,750-foot (533-meter) span made it the world's longest suspension bridge span, a distinction it would hold until the opening of the Ambassador Bridge in 1929.
Took this shot on a family trip to Philly, PA a few years ago.
Please feel free to follow me on Facebook
All photos are copyright Gregory MacKay
And are to not be used without prior written permission. 
The Manhattan Bridge going over the East River, between Manhattan and Brooklyn. New York City.
View from the Manhattan Bridge, NYC.
If you fancy a good read, my 8 page article in Advanced Photographer magazine is now on my website. Click 
 to go to my info page and then click on 'article'
This photo can be seen better 
Thanks to all that comment.
							by Apostolis Giontzis
Was shot from the Brooklyn Bridge Park.
The Manhattan Bridge is a suspension bridge that crosses the East River in New York City, connecting Lower Manhattan at Canal Street with Brooklyn at the Flatbush Avenue Extension. The main span is 1,470 ft (448 m) long, with the suspension cables being 3,224 ft (983 m) long. The bridge's total length is 6,855 ft (2,089 m).
The bridge opened to traffic on December 31, 1909. It was designed by Leon Moisseiff, and is noted for its innovative design. As the first suspension bridge to employ Josef Melan's deflection theory for the stiffening of its deck, it is considered to be the forerunner of modern suspension bridges and this design served as the model for many of the long-span suspension bridges built in the first half of the twentieth century. The Manhattan Bridge was also the first suspension bridge to utilize a Warren truss in its design. (from wikipedia) 
							by jose vicente zuÃ±iga
El Puente de Manhattan (Manhattan Bridge) cruza East River y une el bajo Manhattan con el barrio de Brooklyn. Su construcción fue posterior a la del puente de Brooklyn y el puente de Williamsburg, los otros dos puentes colgantes que también cruzan el bajo East River.
Fue diseñado por Leon Moisseiff. Su construcción comenzó el 1 de octubre de 1901 y se abrió por primera vez al tráfico el 31 de diciembre de 1909, aunque no fue finalizado hasta 1912. El puente tiene una longitud de 2 km y posee dos niveles. El nivel superior cuenta con cuatro carriles (dos para cada sentido), mientras que el nivel inferior tiene tres carriles, cuatro vías de metro, una ciclovía y un paso peatonal.