We're using cookies to improve your experience.
Click Here to find out more.
6 Video Games That Wreak Havoc on NYC
Image: Flickr, Thomas Hawk
2014-04-16 10:06:07 UTC
New York City is burning. The famous American metropolis is a popular playground for 
, but more for destruction than just admiring its skyscrapers.
The city that never sleeps is often virtually reimagined in the world of video games. Shooter games turn it into a battleground, while others fast forward to the future, transforming it into an apocalyptic wasteland. 
15 Vintage Video Games You Can Play on Your iPhone
Here are six games that have annihilated the Big Apple. 
Enslaved: Odyssey to the West
Set 150 years into the future, 
Enslaved: Odyssey to the West
 is an apocalyptic journey through a destroyed yet ethereally beautiful Earth. Protagonists Trip and Monkey journey to the ruins of New York City, on a mission to get Trip back to her village.   
Ghostbusters: The Video Game
If there's something strange in your neighborhood, maybe think twice about calling the Ghostbusters. 
Based on the comedy of the same name, the game follows three paranormal experts as they run around New York trying to rid the city of ghosts. Sometimes, they do more damage than good, leaving chaos in their wake. 
Set in the fictional Liberty City, closely modeled after New York, 
 is all about wreaking irresponsible havoc, 24/7. Characters run around the city stealing, killing and indulging in their wildest whims. The heart-pumping, open-world game is full of arson attacks, gunfights and car chases. 
Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty
Originally slated for release in late 2001, stealth action game 
 was bound to virtually annihilate New York City. But when the Sept. 11 terror attacks occurred, the game's developers had to reverse some of 
' features, including the terrorism-heavy plot and the scenes where half of Manhattan and the Statue of Liberty get brutally crushed. One of the characters, Raiden, even had to have 
 in the game's Japanese version, because it closely resembled "Bin Laden."
But the game still had a little appetite for destruction after that, with characters waging battles all over Manhattan.  
Less intense than the other games on this list, 
 is an arcade-style game where characters run around the world destroying major cities. Naturally, New York is one of them. 
Causing the main destruction are three monster characters: a gorilla named George, a Godzilla-like creature named Lizzie and a werewolf named Ralph. Smash your way through major landmarks and skyscrapers with the retro 1997 game. 
, the third installment in this video game series is set in the city in the semi-distant future of 2047. Swampy and dystopian, New York is transformed into an overgrown, dark wonderland under the rule of a corrupt power. 
Main protagonist Prophet sweeps through the streets in the shooter game, seeking to get revenge against CELL, an evil military organization controlling the city. 
This isn't a real video game, but we wish it were. Artist Patrick Jean 
created this short film
, in which classic video games such as 
 are unleashed on the city streets, turning everything into a mess of pixelated rubble.
is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe.
Mashable, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Mashable, MashBash and Mashable House are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission.