Talk to “Her”: how voice-controlled gadgets are shaping our future
Stas Tushinskiy, CEO of 
 and a client of our agency, prepared an opinion piece that was published in Forbes magazine. Here are the key points of his article. The full version is available 
23 August, 2017 Stas Tushinsky, CEO of Instreamatic.AI
“I feel that you are real, Samantha,” says the writer who is in love with the new operating system. “Thank you, Theodore. This means a lot to me,” answers AI with the soft voice of Scarlett Johansson. The action takes place in the film, “Her,” but the director’s fantasy is embodied in life today. It’s just that not everyone has fully realized the significance and speed of this process.
This year, Amazon is going to sell more than 24 million Echo and Dot devices powered by Alexa AI. Microsoft launched a new product Cortana, while Samsung announced plans to integrate Bixby’s new voice assistant into all its products – from the TV set to the refrigerator.
This is just the beginning: voice bots will change not only the way we communicate with machines, but also the process of technological development. A survey of millennials conducted by Retale showed that 67% prefer to buy goods and services online with the help of bots. This is not surprising, because speech is the most natural means of communication.
With the further development of artificial intelligence and IoT, we will be surrounded by devices that do not have monitors. This will create new opportunities for marketers and advertisers, but the formats of commercial communications must be transformed accordingly.
The recognition of speech has reached a high degree of accuracy, and the development of machine learning and artificial intelligence allows to engage audiences in a live dialogue with the brand. This makes advertising more lively and interesting.
Depending on how the voice sounds you can make assumptions about the emotional state of a person at a particular moment than, for example, analyzing data collected over years.
There are many opportunities today for startups in a world where people talk to services, media and devices.
Imagine listening to online radio on your phone or driving around the city. If you hear an interesting voice ad it will be inconvenient for you to try to find out more information, or return to this later. In the case of advertisements, with voice response you just have to say “send details to mail,” “place an order,” or “send to my wife.”
For emerging voice platforms, such as Amazon’s Alexa, Google Home, Cortana, and Siri, interactive voice advertising is almost the only way to monetize their services. For advertisers, this is an opportunity to engage consumers in a conversation.
In the future, people will be able, for example, to buy goods or skip ads on the smart-TV using just the power of their voice. It will also find wide application in e-commerce. This future is here, and we don’t have wait long to become a part of it.
First published in Forbes Russia on July 11, 2017
Why do startups need global PR?
How to do a successful PR campaign for an ICO
We help tech industry promote rapid growth. The financial value of media coverage is greater than advertising because your credibility is enhanced when the story appears as news.
Dawn of the Planet of Post-Millennials: A Guide to Reaching Generation Z
Art and AI: what place for human artists in a future dominated by artificial intelligence?
©2017, All Copyright Reserved