Delta – $396 CAD / $320 USD: Vancouver – New York, New York. Roundtrip, including all Taxes
A good sale to New York
New York City, New York – Photo: 
Andrés Nieto Porras via Flickr
, used under Creative Commons License (By 2.0)
Valid for travel in in early June for Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday departures. Availability is limited. Must purchase at least 7 days in advance of departure
Please note that while this fare is valid at time of posting, if this post is more than two days old, the fare is likely gone.
How to Search for Availability:
ITA Software Matrix Airfare Search
 and use the following search criteria:
Outbound Advanced Routing Code:
Return Advanced Routing Code: 
(Click on Advanced Routing Codes link to enable advanced routing code input)
Select “See calendar of lowest fares”
Length of stay “3-10” (This is just a sample, you can use any 7 day date range like 3-10, 7-14 etc)
You cannot buy tickets using ITA. To buy, follow our instructions below
Beginner’s Guide on How to Use Matrix by ITA Software
How to Read Airfare Rules and Use It to Your Advantage
Elite Qualifying Dollars:
YVR – JFK (New York) – YVR
4,897 miles or 8.1 cents per mile (Canadian Dollar Calculation)
Elite Qualifying Miles:
Support us by using our 
 link to book with dates found on ITA Software Matrix Airfare Search. Make sure you select “Advanced options” and then select “Delta” on Preferred Airline
For more of the latest cheap Vancouver Flight Deals:
The Vancouver Flight Deals page
The Flight Deal will receive a commission if you use the Travelocity affiliate link. Thank you for your continuing support.
To make sure you receive our latest deals, LIKE our 
The Flight Deal Facebook Page
, follow us on Twitter 
The Flight Deal RSS Feed
The Flight Deal does not sell travel products or services. We provide  you with information about third-party travel suppliers’ offers, and  link you to their sites. The information posted by The Flight Deal is  valid at the time of publication. However, we have no control over the  suppliers, and we therefore do not warrant or guarantee that their  offers will not change or become unavailable. Nor are we responsible for  their products, services or site content. Please see their sites for  their most up-to-date offer information and all applicable terms and  conditions.
Stay Informed on the Latest Deals
Stay Informed on the Latest Deals from The Flight Deal Canada
Enter your email address:
 or simply recommend us to friends and colleagues!
The author didn‘t add any Information to his profile yet.
Want to join the discussion? 
Feel free to contribute!
FREE NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
Enter your email address:
The Flight Deal Canada
The Flight Deal has financial relationships with some of the merchants mentioned here. The owners of this site may be compensated if consumers choose to utilize the links located throughout the content on this site and generate sales for the said merchant. All content unless otherwise noted or quoted is the author's own, and not provided or commissioned by any other entity. Opinions have not been reviewed, approved, endorsed, or edited by any other entity. This site is for entertainment purpose only. The owner of this site is not an investment adviser, financial planner, nor legal or tax professional and articles here are of an opinion and general nature and should not be relied upon for individual circumstances.
 This content is not provided or commissioned by the credit card issuer. Opinions expressed here are author’s alone, not those of the credit card issuer, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the credit card issuer. This site may be compensated through the credit card issuer Affiliate Program.