login to see more photos!
Interesting Last 7 Days
Everybody's Recent Uploads
Login for more options
photo size: medium 640
(only when available, no scaling)
(only if large photo available)
off line for a while.
Pudong Skyline seen from the Bund, Shanghai, China
Flickriver needs JavaScript to work properly.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser.
    All photos copyrighted © by their respective owners
    Flickriver viewer software © 2007-2018 Flickriver.com 
loaded 4 / 340854 - 0%
Flickriver Badge Creator
 to create a badge linking to your photos, your group or any other Flickriver view. 
You can place your badge on your Flickr profile, Blog or Website.
Add to your iGoogle or Netvibes page
Flickriver widget for 
 can display almost any Flickriver view - most interesting today, by user, by group, by tag etc. Once added to your personalized homepage, just edit widget settings to select your desired view. 
Clickr on one of the buttons below to install:
Embed on your Web site
To embed this view, Copy and Paste the following HTML code:
Firefox and Chrome addons
Adds a 'Flickriver' button to your browser.
While viewing any Flickr photos page, click on this button to open the same view on Flickriver. 
Add 'Search on Flickriver' to your browser's search box. Works with Firefox and Internet Explorer.
Install search plugin
"View on Flickriver" Greasemonkey script
 script that adds Flickriver links to various Flickr photo pages - user photos, favorites, pools etc, allowing to quickly open the corresponding Flickriver view. 
Also, allows quickly viewing any Flickr photo on black background in large size.
Install "View on Flickriver" script
While viewing any Flickr photos page, click on the bookmarklet to open the same view on Flickriver.
To install: drag and drop the following link to your Bookmarks toolbar. 
IE users - add the link to your Favorites under the Links folder
Additional tools by iosart labs
ColorZilla for Firefox
ColorZilla for Chrome
Ultimate CSS Gradient Generator
To link to this page, Copy and Paste the following HTML code:
'Better Than Good' most interesting group photos on Flickriver
Flickriver Badge Creator
 to create a badge linking to any Flickriver view