Living adventurously, abroad and at home
New York City Bucket List: 100 Things to Do Before You Die
This post may contain affiliate links. Please see our 
 for more information.
New York City is a sprawling metropolis of vibrant cultures, standout architecture, and damn delicious food. And with so much to enjoy and discover, it’s a city where phrases such as, “I’m bored,” simply don’t exist. It is, without a doubt, the 
This New York City Bucket List includes 100 
 things to do, see, eat, and explore during your trip to the Big Apple.
With this bucket list, we encourage you to discover the real, authentic side of New York City, just like Mauricio did while living there for the past three years.
 much more to New York City than just its touristic sites, like Times Square, the Statue of Liberty, and the Empire State Building, so let’s get to it!
 Checking off all 100 items on this New York City Bucket List in one trip is impossible, unless your trip lasts weeks and you have a bottomless bank account! But that just means you’ll have to go back, again and again, to experience everything. And really, who would complain about 
Without any further ado, here’s our New York City Bucket List, which includes 100 things to do before you die!
*This post contains affiliate links.
New York City Bucket List:
100 THINGS TO DO BEFORE YOU DIE
1. Row a boat at The Loeb Boathouse.
Let’s kick off this New York City Bucket List with something special, shall we?
Warm, sunny days in New York City are 
 to be wasted indoors! When the temperature cracks 65 degrees, head over to Central Park’s Loeb Boathouse to 
 on one of Central Park’s lakes. After, have a picnic or hit the cafe for a cocktail or two!
stay nearby Central Park
? Find amazing deals on Central Park hotels by
2. Find your dream brownstone.
You may not be able to afford one now — or ever — since the going rate for a Brooklyn brownstone is about $2 million. But it’s nice to dream, right?
When it comes to classic New York City architecture, it doesn’t get any better than those beautiful brownstones. Spend some time walking through Park Slope, Cobble Hill, or Forte Greene to find your favorite.
3. Grab a slice at the City’s best pizzerias.
If you could only choose to do one thing on this entire New York City Bucket List, eating authentic New York-style pizza would be the most important — or, at least it is to us! Prince Street Pizza, Lombardi’s, and Motorino are among 
our favorite pizzerias
, then check out this five-star 
Pizza Walking Tour of Manhattan
4. Check out the Tenement Museum.
New York City was built by and for immigrants, and the 
 is the ultimate tribute to the city’s spectacular history. There, you’ll explore the everyday lives of immigrants who lived in Lower East Side tenements; from their housing and food, to their jobs and family histories, you’ll be fascinated by America’s stories.
5. Helicopter over the city.
The best way to see the world’s most famous skyline is by helicopter. No doubt about that one.
Sure, it’s a little pricey. But if you can manage it, a 
helicopter tour of New York City
 will be a magical experience you’ll never forget.
New York City helicopter tour
Plan the perfect trip to NYC. Get our free eBook!
Subscribe to receive our latest blog posts. As a bonus, we'll also send you our eBook, 
A New Yorker's Guide to New York City
Success! We're so happy to have you as part of the Travel Alphas community. Please check your email now to download your free eBook!
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         We hate spam, too! We promise to keep your email safe.           
Powered by ConvertKit
6. Discover every corner of Central Park.
When the chaos of the city becomes too much, Central Park is always there. And thank goodness for that!
We recommend carving a few hours out of your itinerary to simply stroll though Central Park, enjoy nature, and relax. Maybe 
read a book, or even have a picnic.
stay nearby Central Park
? Find amazing deals on Central Park hotels by
If you’ve ever taken a 
 before, then you know they’re 
 when visiting any great foodie city. New York City is no exception. 
Each of the food tours listed below offer tastings from some of the city’s best eateries, interesting stories about New York City’s culinary history and culture, and an expert guide. 
Here are some of the city’s best food tours. Which one will you choose?
Best of Brooklyn Half-Day Food and Culture Tour
Lower East Side Food and Culture Tour
High Line Park and Greenwich Village Food Tour
Dessert Walking Tour in New York City: Cupcakes, Cookies, and Gelato
NYC East Village Food Tour
Pizza Walking Tour of Manhattan
8. Devour dumplings in Flushing, Queens.
Please, allow us to introduce you to a neighborhood in Queens, called Flushing. This is the 
 “Chinatown,” so forget about the one in Manhattan.
If you want Chinese food, Flushing is the 
 place you get it. From xiao long bao and wonton soup, to steamed pork buns and stir-fried noodles, you’ll find it all, and more, in Flushing.
For xiao long bao (soup dumplings), our favorite spot is 
Nan Xiang Xiao Long Bao
, which was introduced to us by our Chinese friend, Wenjie!
9. Browse the Union Square Greenmarket.
Union Square Greenmarket
 is our favorite New York City farmer’s market. 
Whether you have a kitchen to cook in or not, a visit to the Union Square Greenmarket is worth it for the happy vibes, beautiful food, and lots of samples!
The market is open Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays, from 8 am to 6 pm, and we guarantee you won’t find fresher or more vibrant produce anywhere else in the city!
10. Enjoy a true New York bagel.
Of course, this New York City Bucket List wouldn’t be complete without a New York-style bagel! Some of the highest-ranked bagel spots in New York City include 
OTHER NEW YORK CITY POSTS:
Top 10 Underrated Things to Do in NYC
The Best Pizzerias in New York City
The Dos and Don’ts of New York City
NYC Neighborhood Guide: Lower East Side
The Best Coffee Shops in Lower Manhattan
If you don’t live in New York City (or Los Angeles), then you probably don’t know what a bialy is. But this is 
! Then — once you’re in the know — head over to 
 to try New York City’s most authentic bialys!
12. Drink at a speakeasy.
The Roaring Twenties may be long gone, but that doesn’t mean you can’t get all dressed up and spend your evening knocking on the doors of New York City’s swankiest, most secretive bars and nightclubs! Here’s a 
 of the best speakeasies in the city. Cheers!
Craft Cocktails and Speakeasies tour
 in the East Village? Click 
13. Snag tickets to a show on Broadway.
 worth it. Whether you’re in the mood for 
 — yeah, you know you want to those ever-so-elusive 
tickets — you’ll have a brilliant time that you won’t soon forget.
14. Get lost in the MoMA.
All of New York City’s museums are special in their own way, but 
The Museum of Modern Art
 way. Of all the places in New York City you can go to be inspired (there are many!), the MoMA is one of the very best.
If you love and appreciate modern art, the 
. And if you don’t like art at all, then this place might just be the one that changes your mind.
15. Walk across the iconic Brooklyn Bridge.
You can’t miss taking a leisurely stroll across the beautiful 
. You just can’t. Period.
Best case scenario, it will be a sunny, windless day, and you’ll enjoy a lovely walk and spectacular views of New York City’s skyline and the East River. Worst case scenario, it will be cold and windy, but you’ll still love every second.
16. Eat your weight in Italian goodness at Eataly.
Italian food lovers, where you at? 
During your trip, make sure to stop by our beloved 
for the ultimate Italian cuisine experience.
 We’re talking about a full-blown market, full of high-quality, authentic Italian ingredients that you can’t find anywhere else; from freshly baked breads, handmade pastas and fine Italian wines, to full-bodied olive oils and aged cheeses, Eataly has it all.
But let’s not forget that Eataly also features many different eateries, serving up everything from seafood and pasta, to pizza and hearty meat dishes! Yes, please.
Michelle Grimord Eggers
17. Drink to your heart’s content at the Brooklyn Brewery.
Like craft beer? We do, too. We especially like it when it’s straight from the tap at 
When you visit, you can go on a Small Batch Tour of the brewery or have a flight in the tasting room — and either way, you’re sure to have an awesome time! Plus, as you spend your day drinking beer with lots of other beer enthusiasts, you can have your own pizza delivered!
Now, that’s our kind of place.
18. Hop on the Roosevelt Island Tramway.
If you want to catch some awesome aerial views of New York City, riding the Roosevelt Island Tramway is a great way to do it. And at only $2.25 each way, it’s a cheap way to do it, too!
Find more information about the tram 
19. Eat pastrami at Katz’s.
If you leave the city without eating a pastrami sandwich at 
, did you even go at all? Nope.
$20 for one sandwich might sound a little crazy (okay,
 crazy), but in this case, the hype and the price are justified.
New York Public Library
20. Work at the New York Public Library.
Okay, okay. So working isn’t usually something you’d add to any bucket list. But sometimes, stuff’s gotta get done. While in NYC, there’s no better place to work/study than the historic and beautiful 
New York Public Library
OTHER NEW YORK CITY POSTS:
Top 10 Underrated Things to Do in NYC
The Best Pizzerias in New York City
The Dos and Don’ts of New York City
NYC Neighborhood Guide: Lower East Side
The Best Coffee Shops in Lower Manhattan
21. Attend a New York sporting event.
It doesn’t matter who you root for or who your rivals are. Given the chance, you should attend a New York City sporting event, whether that means a Mets, Yankees, Nets, Knicks, Jets, or Rangers game!
22. Chill out in Washington Square Park.
Washington Square Park
 is the unofficial center of NYU, so naturally, the area teems with students, artists, and other interesting individuals. You’ll see a variety of people, but around these parts, most will be very good-looking and well-dressed.
In the summer, enjoy the sunshine and do a bit of people watching.
Tiger at the Bronx Zoo
23. Get wild at the Bronx Zoo.
is the largest metropolitan zoo in the United States, so yeah, it’s kind of a big deal. The zoo’s most popular furry friends include lions, tigers, giraffes, polar bears, and even gorillas!
24. Experience The Met before it opens.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art — which has been around since 1870 and features over 5,000 years of human history — is amazing on its own. But it’s 1,000,000 times better without the crowds!
, and you’ll gain entry into the museum 1.5 hours before it opens. No more than 24 other guests will experience 
this incredible opportunity
 with you, so in other words, you’ll virtually have the place to yourself! Trust us, it is worth every single penny!
However, if you want to visit during normal hours, 
but still avoid the crowds
Skip-the-Line admission ticket
 to The Met, which also includes same-day access to The Met Cloisters (see #57 below) and The Met Breuer!
25. Eat everything at the Chelsea Market.
is a legendary food hall located in — you guessed it — Chelsea. Basically, any craving you have can, and will, be satisfied here. Fresh sushi, Italian specialties, warm soups, authentic tacos, and hand-pulled noodles are just a few of the many delights found at the Chelsea Market.
If you like sweets, check out this
Chelsea and West Village Dessert Tour
, you’ll explore the Chelsea Market — among other great spots — for the best sweets in town!
Plan the perfect trip to NYC. Get our free eBook!
Subscribe to receive our latest blog posts. As a bonus, we'll also send you our eBook, 
A New Yorker's Guide to New York City
Success! We're so happy to have you as part of the Travel Alphas community. Please check your email now to download your free eBook!
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         We hate spam, too! We promise to keep your email safe.           
Powered by ConvertKit
26. Enjoy springtime at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.
Within this crazy concrete jungle lies a beautiful, quiet, and much-needed oasis: the 
Brooklyn Botanic Garden
. 250 acres, more than one million living plants, fresh air, and bright colors will give you the break you need from all the high rises and taxis.
27. Walk The High Line.
When the sun’s out, there’s no better place than The High Line to spend an afternoon!
Back in the 1930s, the 
was home to nothing more than freight train tracks. But today, The High Line has been refurbished into a mile-and-a-half long park, filled with greenery and awesome views of Chelsea.
This will be an experience you won’t forget!
28. Unleash your inner-Cookie Monster at Levain Bakery.
 is home to the world’s best cookies. Don’t believe us and thousands of other 
? Good! Then we dare you to go try those cookies for yourself! You’ll see…
29. Wander through Greenwich Village.
Home to NYC’s famous Washington Square Arch and Park, as well as NYU, 
 features Bohemian vibes, in stark contrast with the rest of the city. Greenwich is a neighborhood full of eclectic, artsy people, and we highly recommend strolling around for great food, people watching, and thrifting!
 is also a great area to stay! You’ll absolutely 
30. Find an awesome read at the Strand.
 place for the literary fiends of New York City. The Strand’s endless rows of shelves overflow with new, old, rare, and out-of-print books. The famous shop, which has been open since 1927, offers over 2.5 million different books and cannot be missed!
Ahhh, that lovely old book smell — do you know what we mean?
31. Try out Shake Shack.
Shake Shack is quite possibly the city’s favorite burger! Since its humble beginnings as a summer cart between 2001 and 2003, today Shake Shack has expanded its empire throughout New York and has even ventured into California and Nevada. All of this, without losing the quality of their burgers.
Just know that In-N-Out still is — and
 will be — better than Shake Shack. This is the 
 truth, but since we’re Californians first and foremost, we’re obliged to say so!
32. Snag tickets to a comedy show.
We love spending an evening laughing our asses off at a comedy club. In our opinion, the best one is the legendary 
, which always features the best headliners around.
 to see Gotham’s upcoming acts and to buy tickets.
33. Admire the views from Top of the Rock.
Some say that the views from 
Top of the Rock Observation Deck
 are the best in the entire city. We can’t say we disagree. You really can’t beat 360° views of this chaotic, beautiful concrete jungle — especially at sunset.
 to book your tickets for the 
Top of the Rock Observation Deck
34. Grab a sandwich from Faicco’s Italian Specialties.
Faicco’s Italian Specialties
 is a New York City staple and a beautiful gem of a deli — though so many people don’t know about its greatness. So without further ado, let us introduce you to the best Italian sandwich you might ever find in the States!
The sandwich above features crispy, juicy chicken cutlet, broccoli rabe, pesto, and fresh mozzarella. Yaaaasssss.
35. Shop for less at sample sales.
When in New York City, keep your eyes and ears out for sample sales! “But,” you ask, “what 
 a sample sale?” Well, basically, sample sales are like pop-up shops selling high-fashion garments at crazy low prices. This is because brands are either trying to test out future products, or get rid of past merchandise.
Mauricio used to work for one of the best sample sale retailers in the city: 
. 260 features a new brand every week and operates in up to three locations. At 260, you’ll find brands such as J.Crew, ASICS, The Kooples, Sandro, Derek Lam, Rebecca Minkoff, and plenty more, at up to 90% off retail prices. You’re welcome!
36. People watch in Union Square.
 is like the cousin of Washington Square Park. But the rebellious cousin, of course.
This area is filled with people doing their own thing; they don’t care who you are, and they don’t care if you watch. This is the New York City that we know and 
. There are street performers everywhere, a farmer’s market a few days per week (see #9 above), and nice views all around.
 on Union Square accommodations
37. Take a street food tour.
Whether you take a self-guided food cart/truck tour, or go with an expert guide, the important thing is that you 
 have a street food feast!
Some of the city’s best bites can be found on the street, so don’t miss out.
38. Watch a free summer concert.
On a beautiful summer’s day, can you imagine anything you’d rather do, over relaxing in a park, listening to awesome,
 music with friends? Nope.
 for all of the upcoming free summer concerts!
Visit The Frick Collection.
Throughout his life, Pittsburgh industrialist, Henry Clay Frick, assembled one of the greatest art collections of all time.
, which is displayed in Frick’s former 5th Avenue residence, provides a serene setting for guests to enjoy famous works by Rembrandt, Goya, Vermeer, and Bellini, among many others.
40. Feast The Halal Guys after hours.
The Halal Guys is our go-to food cart any time of day, but especially after a long night out. The Halal Guys carts in the 
 are both open until at least 4:00 am daily, and their chicken and gyro platters smothered in white sauce 
Everyone wants to go shopping on 5th Avenue when they visit New York City. But if you’d rather save money, have a unique experience, and escape from the heavy crowds, go thrifting instead.
Beacon’s Closet, Crossroads, What Goes Around Comes Around, and Buffalo Exchange are some of NYC’s best thrift shop options.
42. Eat chicken and waffles.
New York City has bestowed upon us so many glorious gifts. But the greatest of all? Chicken and waffles — as if it weren’t obvious enough!
Do yourself a favor and make your way to 
 in Williamsburg for some crazy good chicken and waffles — along with a slew of other delicious comfort food like mac and cheese, shrimp and grits, and crawfish hush puppies! YES.
43. Spend time in the Lower East Side.
The traditional home of New York City’s immigrant, blue-collar workers has slowly transformed into one of the city’s hottest culinary destinations, meanwhile still maintaining its rugged, urban charm. In the
, you’ll find skateboarders roaming the streets, pop-up restaurants galore, and some of the city’s oldest residents.
great deals on hotels
 in the Lower East Side 
NYC Neighborhood Guide: Exploring the Lower East Side
44. Watch chaos unfold at Grand Central Station.
Grand Central Station
 is the busiest train station in the States, but that probably comes as no surprise.
Thousands of people come here daily to take tours, enjoy the station’s 60 different retailers and 35 eateries, and of course, to simply get to where they’re going. As you can imagine, it’s the kind of chaos that makes for great people watching.
45. Pay your respects at the 9/11 Memorial.
9/11 still is — and probably always will be — a very sensitive, emotional subject for us all to talk and think about. But it’s an important part of our history that we’ll never forget. If you’d like to, you can visit the 
National September 11 Memorial & Museum
 during your trip to remember what happened that day, learn more about the tragedy, and pay your respects.
buy your tickets online here
Plan the perfect trip to NYC. Get our free eBook!
Subscribe to receive our latest blog posts. As a bonus, we'll also send you our eBook, 
A New Yorker's Guide to New York City
Success! We're so happy to have you as part of the Travel Alphas community. Please check your email now to download your free eBook!
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         We hate spam, too! We promise to keep your email safe.           
Powered by ConvertKit
46. See great street art in Bushwick, Brooklyn.
Most people traveling to New York City have never even heard of Bushwick, let alone visited. But they’re missing out! Bushwick, Brooklyn is home to some of the world’s best street art — it’s colorful, inspiring, sometimes downright strange, and seems to never end!
free Bushwick street art tour
, led by a local expert, where you’ll learn about the history of graffiti, see Bushwick’s greatest artwork, and gain a new understanding and appreciation for street art.
47. Attend the New York Food and Wine Festival.
If you love food and wine, then snagging tickets to the annual 
New York City Food and Wine Festival
 is a must. This ultimate foodie weekend is your opportunity to mingle with world-renowned chefs and famous food personalities, indulge in hundreds of food and wine tastings, attend exclusive events and parties, and more.
But the best part is that 100% of the proceeds go to two amazing charities: No Kid Hungry and the Food Bank for New York City.
Who wouldn’t want to do that?!
48. Watch The Tonight Show live.
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon requires no introduction. Watching a live taping of the show is free, you just need to plan ahead to reserve your tickets! This
 explains how and when you can do so.
49. Enjoy the views in DUMBO.
DUMBO provides one of the most iconic and sought-after views in New York City — and for good reason! Why not make a pit stop at 
Brooklyn Roasting Company
 and then roam around DUMBO for a while with coffee in hand?
50. Get your seafood on at Le Bernardin.
Chef Eric Ripert’s three-Michelin-star restaurant, 
, is a must for seafood lovers. Here, the seafood is always the star of the plate, and everything is simple, yet elegant and absolutely delicious.
If you can spare $220, definitely splurge on the Chef’s Tasting Menu!
OTHER NEW YORK CITY POSTS:
Top 10 Underrated Things to Do in NYC
The Best Pizzerias in New York City
The Dos and Don’ts of New York City
NYC Neighborhood Guide: Lower East Side
The Best Coffee Shops in Lower Manhattan
51. Explore the East Village.
Although the East Village has gone through some extreme changes in the last few decades, there’s a few things you can count on: counterculture, great nightlife, amazing coffee, a no-nonsense attitude, and some of the 
During your time in New York City, be sure to spend an evening exploring the East Village. Or better yet, stay there! Between 
, the hotels in East Village are spectacular and provide some of the best guest room views around!
find other great deals
 on East Village hotels 
52. Browse Chelsea’s many art galleries.
Chelsea’s art district is home to 
 of awesome galleries, making this the perfect outing for art lovers. This 
 lists a few of the best galleries in the area.
Central Park ice rink
53. Ice skate in Central Park.
During the winter months, you’ve got to check this iconic experience off of your New York City Bucket List! Fact: there are few things quite as magical as ice skating in Central Park with your loved ones, with that shining city skyline in the background.
stay nearby Central Park
? Find amazing deals on Central Park hotels by
54. Chow down on Indian food at The Masalawala.
 Indian restaurant in New York City, and you should not leave without eating here. Period.
Even if you think you don’t like Indian food, go here. We promise, you’ll have your mind absolutely blown!
SoHo is one of the city’s best neighborhoods to shop, with offerings to suit anyone’s price range.
Plus, there are tons of coffee shops, juiceries, and pizza places in the area, should you get a craving during your shopping spree!
56. Nab tickets to NYFW.
If you’re into fashion, attending New York Fashion Week is probably a life goal of yours! Next time you’re in New York City — during February or September — 
 explains how you can snag those coveted NYFW tickets.
57. Explore European culture at The Met Cloisters.
is a branch of The Met, which is “dedicated to the art, architecture, and gardens of medieval Europe.” Really, you couldn’t ask for a more peaceful place — in the middle of New York City, no less — to appreciate such an interesting part of Europe’s history.
Skip-the-Line admission ticket
 to The Met Cloisters also includes same-day access to The Met (see #24 above) and The Met Breuer!
58. Enjoy the views from Brooklyn Bridge Park.
There’s no way we were about to leave the 
 off this New York City Bucket List!
This waterfront park is one of the city’s many parks, perfect for a stroll, picnic, or bike ride. What sets this park apart from the rest, though, is its jaw-dropping views of the Brooklyn Bridge, the East River, and beautiful Manhattan.
We could sit there for hours just admiring that stunning vista.
59. Indulge in a cronut at Dominique Ansel Bakery.
This, friends, is where the cronut craze began. And if you haven’t heard, the cronut is Dominique Ansel’s naughty, naughty cross between a doughnut and a croissant. WHAT? Oh, yes.
Just do yourself one favor. Make sure to arrive at 
Dominique Ansel Bakery
 when it opens at 8 am, or you’ll wait in line a lot longer than you might like!
60. Stop by St. Patrick’s Cathedral.
St. Patrick’s Cathedral
on 5th Avenue is regarded as one of the USA’s most beautiful cathedrals. As you stroll down 5th, make sure to stop in and have a look around — or simply admire the structure’s facade from across the street!
61. See the Berlin Wall.
Did you know that five small portions of the Berlin Wall now live throughout New York City? This 
 lists the five places you can go to admire the wall, its historic significance, and its colorful painted facades!
62. Drink at (many) rooftop bars.
On a breezy summer afternoon, there’s nowhere we’d rather be than a Manhattan rooftop bar, soaking up the booze and awesome views. This 
 details some of the city’s best rooftop hangouts!
Krissa Corbett Cavouras
63. Peruse the Brooklyn Flea.
If you’re looking for some really cool stuff, whether it be clothes, vintage books, awesome artwork, antique furniture, or random trinkets, the 
In the warmer months, the market is held outdoors, and in the colder months, it’s held indoors along with Smorgasburg (see #76 below). 
64. Dine at Peter Luger Steak House.
New York City’s most iconic Michelin-star restaurant,
Peter Luger Steak House
 be touristy and old school, but 
 is world-class, nevertheless. 
-something-year-old server, who
 probably been working there for 40 years, will recommend you order the creamed spinach, French fried potatoes, and of course, the 
. Then you’ll say, “yes,” and prepare yourself for a heavenly steakhouse meal.
65. Hang out in Williamsburg.
By now, you’ve heard of the hipsters, right? Well, this Brooklyn neighborhood is the capital of the hipsters. The new, younger crowd has transformed Williamsburg into a foodie haven and art mecca. 
Williamsburg is one of the trendsetting areas of the city, and it’s one of our absolute favorite places to hang out any day or night of the week.
Plan the perfect trip to NYC. Get our free eBook!
Subscribe to receive our latest blog posts. As a bonus, we'll also send you our eBook, 
A New Yorker's Guide to New York City
Success! We're so happy to have you as part of the Travel Alphas community. Please check your email now to download your free eBook!
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         We hate spam, too! We promise to keep your email safe.           
Powered by ConvertKit
66. Savor a slice of New York-style cheesecake.
Right there with pizza, bagels, and pastrami, cheesecake is one of the city’s most iconic bites. You might think you’ve had a great slice before, but once you visit 
on the Upper East Side, or
Eileen’s Special Cheesecake
 in Nolita, you’ll understand what New York-style cheesecake is 
 supposed to taste like!
67. Walk through the Trinity Church Cemetery.
This iconic cemetery is where Alexander Hamilton was laid to rest, along with some of the city’s earliest inhabitants. Settled right in the middle of Wall Street, among the towering skyscrapers, the 
Trinity Church Cemetery
 is one of the only remnants of the past that remain in the area. 
68. Bike your way around the city.
From late spring to early fall, the best way to get around this massive city is on a bike. And the benefits are endless! You’re exercising, getting a tan, and exploring the city, rather than simply sitting in an old cab or in subway silence. 
Really, what mode of transportation tops biking?! Just make sure you watch out for those crazy taxi drivers!
69. Eat a new type of cuisine.
Ethiopian? Trinidadian? Moroccan? Ukrainian? Cuban? Jewish? As one of the most diverse places in the world, you can try pretty much every cuisine in the world within the limits of New York City. That’s just about the coolest thing ever.
So what type of cuisine will you brave next? For us, it’ll probably be Haitian food!
José Juan ‘Potti’ Luna
70. Explore Little Italy.
Hundreds of thousands of Italian immigrants moved into Little Italy during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Nowadays, their legacy lives on in the form of Italian restaurants and specialty stores. Plan your visit around the 11-day
festival and you’ll get the full Little Italy experience!
71. Attend the Tribeca Film Festival.
Tribeca Film Festival
 has been on a mission to showcase international and artistically adventurous films. Get a pass and experience the best films in the world, among the stars. 
72. Dine at Blue Hill.
The chef and co-owner of 
, Dan Barber, is the genius who brought the farm-to-table concept to New York City in 2000. He has since become a legend. Seasonal foods from the Blue Hill Farm north of the city, paired with some of the world’s finest wines, make for a dining experience you’ll never forget.
Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum
73. Check out the Guggenheim.
 provides one of the world’s best collections of modern and contemporary art. Here, you’ll be able to explore human creativity from civilizations across the world.
You can purchase your 
skip-the-line access ticket
 might be a tiny neighborhood consisting of only a few blocks, but it’s bursting with eclectic Korean culture, loads of restaurants, bars, spas, and karaoke clubs. Before a crazy night out in Koreatown, chow down on Korean barbecue at 
. Then proceed to drink the Korean way (a lot!) and sing your heart out.
75. Window shop on 5th Avenue.
One of the world’s best, and most expensive, shopping streets is the perfect place to figure out exactly what you want to buy (when you become a billionaire)! 
Stores like Tiffany & Co., Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Cartier, and Chanel call this street home, but fear not, because 5th Avenue also features stores for all kinds of shoppers. 
76. Snack at Smorgasburg.
The warmer months are the best time to visit New York City, for one very important reason! It’s when 
, the “largest weekly open-air food market in America,” is in full swing. 
Located in Williamsburg, this market features some the city’s absolute best street food from 100 different vendors. We highly advise eating as much as you can at Smorgasburg, from 11 am to 6 pm on weekends. 
On a warm, sunny day, why not paddle through the city’s waterways to enjoy the sunshine and 
78. Jam at The Governors Ball Music Festival.
The Governors Ball Music Festival
the Coachella of the east? Or is it secretly even better? In early June, many of the world’s best musicians come together to perform their music, in the sunshine, on an island, with over 50 of the city’s best food vendors. 
This should be more than enough to convince you to book your flight and buy your ticket!
79. Experience Christmastime in the city.
There’s no place like New York City during Christmastime. Whether you celebrate Christmas or not, you can’t deny the delight of seeing the city aglow and feeling all warm and fuzzy inside, despite the freezing winter air!
80. Bake at a Momofuku Milk Bar Class.
The world-famous Momofuku restaurant family published a cookbook full of their Milk Bar’s legendary recipes. And now, you can learn how to make those recipes first-hand, from the Milk Bar’s top bakers! Cakes and pies are some of the more popular desserts that you can learn to make in your 
OTHER NEW YORK CITY POSTS:
Top 10 Underrated Things to Do in NYC
The Best Pizzerias in New York City
The Dos and Don’ts of New York City
NYC Neighborhood Guide: Lower East Side
The Best Coffee Shops in Lower Manhattan
81. Try a knish at Yonah Shimmel’s Knish Bakery.
Yonah Shimmel’s Knish Bakery
has been making one of New York City’s favorite Eastern European snacks! In case you don’t know, a knish is deep-fried, baked, or grilled dough stuffed with your choice of fillings — usually cheese, sauerkraut, mashed potatoes, or onions. 
Okay, the history lesson’s over. Now, go try a knish for yourself. 
82. Take a free outdoor yoga class.
Sometimes all you need is a mental break and some exercise. And when you do, New York City has you covered.
 details some of the places you can find free outdoor yoga throughout the city.
83. Satisfy your chocolate craving at Mast Brothers.
Williamsburg’s famed bean-to-bar chocolate makers, the 
, offer all kinds of chocolate bars, from vanilla & salt, smoked maple, and miso & sesame, to classics like milk and dark.
You can reserve a slot to tour their factory and learn all about bean-to-bar craft chocolate making 
Brunch is the most important meal of the day. It’s true! And luckily, there are tons of great brunch spots around the city. A few of our favorites include 
Clinton Street Baking Company
Promise us that you’ll brunch, at least once, during your trip?
85. Learn to make pizza.
What better city is there — outside of Italy, of course — to learn how to make pizza? None! 
Pizza a Casa Pizza School
for the city’s ultimate pizza-making experience. After this class, you can impress your friends and family with your excellent pizza-making skills and take a slice of the city with you everywhere you go!
Plan the perfect trip to NYC. Get our free eBook!
Subscribe to receive our latest blog posts. As a bonus, we'll also send you our eBook, 
A New Yorker's Guide to New York City
Success! We're so happy to have you as part of the Travel Alphas community. Please check your email now to download your free eBook!
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         We hate spam, too! We promise to keep your email safe.           
Powered by ConvertKit
86. Attend a show at the Apollo Theater.
Harlem is the home of African-American culture, and the
 is the stage where it’s presented to the world! With a Hall of Fame that includes Aretha Franklin, Michael Jackson, Marvin Gaye, and James Brown, a ticket to the Apollo Theater is a ticket to watch history in the making. It’s here that some of the world’s greatest African-American performers take the stage, and you won’t want to miss out!
If you want to learn more about Harlem’s music culture, consider taking this 
Harlem Hip-Hop Walking Tour
87. Watch the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade.
2017 will be the 91st Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. Crazy, right? This American tradition continues to grow in popularity and is a yearly tradition in many homes. The parade is truly marvelous, and always includes some of America’s favorite television characters. Yes, we’re talking about you, Kermit the Frog!
88. Relax at the Aire Ancient Baths.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to bathe like the ancient Greeks or Romans? Well, maybe you haven’t. But now that you have, of course you want to try it. Don’t you?!
, you can experience thermal baths, aromatherapy, and massages, paired with delicious food and wine. Treat yourself!
You’ll quickly learn that New Yorkers have a love-hate relationship with the city’s cabs, but they rely on them nonetheless. During your trip, you might find yourself in the same situation. 
New York City taxis have been glorified by pop culture, so if you haven’t hailed a taxi before on a chaotic New York City street, it’s an experience you should have.
90. Stand on top of the Empire State Building.
From 1931 to 1972, the 
Empire State Building
was the tallest building in the world, towering 1,250 feet (381 meters) above New York City. Now, the Empire State Building is the 34th tallest structure in the world, but it’s still a great place to catch 360° views of the city!
 to the Empire State Building Observatory 
91. Watch a basketball game at Rucker Park.
Basketball is king in New York City and streetball, specifically, is like a religion. Rucker Park is the mecca of that religion and ground zero for legends like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Julius Erving, and Wilt Chamberlain. Stop by, and you might just spot basketball’s next superstar!
92. Marvel at the Flatiron Building.
 is a New York City landmark, and rightfully so. This steel-framed building has was built in 1902, and since then, its unique and gorgeous architectural design has stolen the hearts of many. 
Make sure you don’t leave the city without a shot of the one of the world’s most photographed buildings!
93. Dine at New York Sushi Ko.
, you better make a reservation months in advance, because their eleven-seat dining room is always booked. Once you’re in, you’ll be at the mercy of the chef with his 
Let Chef John Daley work his magic and give you a sushi experience you’ll never forget!
94. Play ping pong in Bryant Park.
From April to November, 
 has free, state-of-the-art ping pong tables, paddles, and balls available for you and your friends! All you have to do is walk up to the ping post host and reserve your time slot.
95. Mill about in Chinatown.
Chinatown is one of the few places in the country that feels like you’re actually in another country. Craving hand-pulled noodles? Looking for some exotic Asian produce? Want some boba tea? These are just a few of the activities you can partake in. Ultimately, you’ll experience New York City the way Chinese immigrants do on a daily basis, and you’ll love it. 
Just make sure to also experience Flushing, Queens (see #8 above)!
96. Run the New York City Marathon
It’s been nearly 50 years since the 
New York City Marathon
‘s inception, which now draws an estimated 50,000 participants per year. 
If you don’t feel like you’re in marathon shape, then just stop by and be a part of the festivities on November 5, 2017. The event raises money and awareness for non-profits, so make a point of checking it out!
97. Ring in a New Year.
Starting off a new year in the greatest city in the world? This is another thing we just couldn’t leave off of this New York City Bucket List. While standing out in the freezing cold for hours to watch the ball drop is questionable, there are hundreds of other
 celebrations happening throughout the city!
98. Go to Coney Island.
In the summer, Coney Island becomes a hot spot for beachgoers looking to get a tan or cool off in the ocean. But there are plenty of other activities to enjoy, from roller coasters and boardwalk games, ti arcade games, bike riding, and much more. Go and see how New Yorkers and tourists spend their warm summer days!
PS: On the 4th of July, Nathan’s Hot Dogs hosts its annual Hot Dog Eating Contest!
99. Take in the chaos of Times Square.
If you’re visiting for the first time, there’s almost no way 
 won’t be on your New York City bucket list. Times Square is one of the most colorful, chaotic, and captivating places in the city, no matter how many times you’ve seen it. 
The endless stream of bright, flashing billboards, the crazy bustle of tourists, the annoying people trying to hand you flyers and sell you bus tours, and the smells of street food carts, are all part of the experience.
stay in or nearby Times Square
amazing deals on Times Square hotels
100. Tour the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island.
First-time visitors to New York City usually wouldn’t dream of missing
Lady Liberty and Ellis Island
If you feel the same, then you can book 
, which include a guided tour and entrance to both attractions.
New York City Bucket List
That’s it! There you have our New York City Bucket List, complete with 100 things to do before you die!
If you had fun reading this post, then imagine all the fun you’ll have once you 
, buy that plane ticket, and start checking these items off! Get going, and let us know in the comments below once you’ve completed the Travel Alphas New York City Bucket List.
OTHER NEW YORK CITY POSTS:
Top 10 Underrated Things to Do in NYC
The Best Pizzerias in New York City
The Dos and Don’ts of New York City
NYC Neighborhood Guide: Lower East Side
The Best Coffee Shops in Lower Manhattan
SAVE THIS POST ON PINTEREST FOR LATER!
Plan the perfect trip to NYC. Get our free eBook!
Subscribe to receive our latest blog posts. As a bonus, we'll also send you our eBook, 
A New Yorker's Guide to New York City
Success! We're so happy to have you as part of the Travel Alphas community. Please check your email now to download your free eBook!
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         We hate spam, too! We promise to keep your email safe.           
Powered by ConvertKit
*This New York City Bucket List contains affiliate links. When you make a purchase through this New York City Bucket List, we will receive a small commission, at no extra cost to you. We never recommend any products/services that we don’t absolutely love and wouldn’t use ourselves. These commissions help keep Travel Alphas up and running, and we thank you for your support!
TRAVEL FUND CHALLENGE: Save $3,640 for your next trip!
26-Week Travel Fund Challenge
 and save up enough money to travel to just about anywhere! Download your 
free printable worksheet 
Success! Please check your email now to download your free printables and begin the challenge!
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer.
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         BUILD MY TRAVEL FUND!       
         We won't send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time.           
Powered by ConvertKit
Ready to live more adventurously?
If you loved this post, then join our weekly newsletter! 
ou can expect exciting updates on our wanderings, our best travel stories, tips, and inspiration, delicious recipes, awesome travel gadgets, and so much more.
We'll also send you a free copy of our eBook, 
35 Strategies to Build Up Your Travel Fund
Success! Check your email now for a special little gift, just for you.
There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.
Your Best E-mail Address
I'd like to receive the free email course.
         We won't send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time.           
Powered by ConvertKit
Three Days in Cusco, Peru Itinerary: Everything You Need to Know
Staycation Eats: Authentic Thai Yellow Curry with Chicken
Claire @ TallGirlBigWorld
March 19, 2017 at 3:31 pm
I haven’t done all of these, but I’ve done lots! Eataly is one of my favorite places to kill time if I’m waiting to meet friends in the area. And Sweet Chick is 100% worth the hype–SO GOOD! I haven’t walked the Brooklyn Bridge yet, but I definitely will this summer!
March 19, 2017 at 6:24 pm
Well, since you live there now you have plenty of time to do them all! ;)
April 4, 2017 at 4:56 pm
Taking a rowboat would be so fun! And I would really enjoy walking around Central Park, especially since I love watching FRIENDS.
Hope you have been having a good April so far! :)
April 4, 2017 at 5:18 pm
We hope you are as well! :)
September 19, 2017 at 10:05 pm
Great post, will definitely share with my friends when they visit :)
September 23, 2017 at 3:24 pm
September 29, 2017 at 9:41 am
OMG I’m going to NYC soon and this list is amazing! Thank you!
10 Underrated Things to do in NYC
								June 6, 2017 at 10:37 am							
[…] RELATED READING: New York City Bucket List: 100 Things to Do Before You Die […]
Your email address will not be published.
 Required fields are marked 
Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
Notify me of new posts by email.
A Southern California native with an unending appetite for adventure... and awesome food. I created Travel Alphas to share my travel tips, stories, and inspiration to help you live more adventurously, whether you're abroad or at home. 
Come join me on my adventures!
New Reader? Start Here
Travel Planning Services
Sign up for the newsletter today!
Yes, take me with you!
Copyright ©2018, Travel Alphas. 