Ecuador Packing Guide
Everything I know about travel, I learned growing up po...
LGBT Hotel Review: My Sacha Ji Wellness Hotel and Retre...
40 Safety Tips for LGBT Travelers
5 Uncomfortable Questions About Travel to Anti-LGBT Destinations
10 Questions to Consider When Planning Your LGBT Honeymoon
8 Questions LGBT Travelers Should Ask Before Traveling Abroad
7 Best Bougie & Boozy Brunches in NYC
anything that is seen as upscale or refers to the affluent class in the United States.
Let’s be real, New Yorkers love two things, brunch and pretending to be unfazed by the bougiest possible situations. If you are visiting NYC, you must attend a good weekend brunch. Here are my picks for the best brunch to channel your inner Gossip Girl.
This gorgeous luxury restaurant is hidden behind an old pawnshop. When you first see the building, it appears to be an abandoned furniture store turned run down cash for gold storefront. Like all good things in NYC, you have to know what you’re looking for to see it. You enter through a hidden door at the back of the pawnshop. Once inside, you’re immediately part of a world that feels like a secret club. Everything is upscale and drips high-end ambiance and dirty sexy money. Every time I eat here, I wear my best heels and use it as an excuse to get a blowout – it’s that kind of place. Luckily, the food while overpriced is absolutely delicious. If you’re going for brunch try the red velvet waffles with cream cheese icing ($12). If you’re feeling like a cocktail, try the Sapphire Seventy-Five. It’s a mixture of blueberry brown sugar Bombay Sapphire with prosecco and sour mix. No matter what you order, you won’t be disappointed.
Functional Fashion-Forward Footwear for the Traveling Femme
This high-end eatery is a place to see and be seen. They are just as well known for their page-6 clientele as they are for their delicious shareable tapas menu items. The French onion soup dumplings are an absolute must. Also, try the potato and goat cheese pierogies. The only critique is that they are supposed to be shared and my greedy inner self always wants more. I quickly forget once the next course is served. Don’t forget to make a reservation. Prices range from $8-$26 for each tapas item.
Casa La Femme is an elegant Egyptian restaurant tucked into a corner of the West Village. The set menu is the perfect way to try a sampling of Egyptian dishes. Try the traditional Egyptian style mousaka with peppers, tomatoes, Egyptian cheese and eggplant. After you eat order a flavored hookah and enjoy the belly dancers performance with a cocktail. The Quitini is one of Casa La Femme’s signature cocktails. It is Qui platinum extra anejo tequila, cointreau, with a splash of fresh l lime juice and pink grapefruit. The cocktail is shaken and served in a sugar and sumac crusted martini glass topped with French Sparkling wine. Prices range from $8-$26.
Bar Bacon is not as bougie as the other restaurants on this list, but it has a trendy cute vibe and the food is so good it cannot be missed. It has a bit of a downtown feel to it with their bacon and hipster themed décor but one bite of their delicious home-style comfort food and you won’t care if you were seated in a cardboard box on Avenue C. Order one of their flights beer, bacon or whiskey. Don’t miss out on the flight of five different flavors of bacon it’s the best part.
What It's Like to be a Black & Transgender Traveler
Elmo is an uber trendy restaurant specializing in gay chic and swankier versions of American comfort food. The ambiance is less pretentious than some of the other restaurants on this list, but the crowd is always filled with upscale eye candy. The waiters are aspiring actors and models. Try the Chicken Fried Chicken and the Baked Four Cheese Mac.
The Dream Downtown has a rooftop lounge called PHD it is just as well known for its amazing pool parties and nightclub as it is for its incredible brunch. Eating brunch at The Dream is kinda of like eating breakfast at the trendiest nightclub you know.
This futuristic hotel would make the Jetson’s jealous. In the summer, brunch is served on the outdoor patio with scenic west village views. The view and the gay nightclub turned breakfast party are enough entertainment for any party goer. For a super affordable $35 you can enjoy the breakfast buffet and unlimited cocktails for 2 hours.
Did I miss any of your favorites? Let me know in the comments below
How I Traveled to 5 Countries and Saved $12,000 in One Year
Are you going to Dinah?
Meg Cale is a queer gal with expensive dreams and a whole lot of hustle. Meg and her wife Lindsay run the number one lesbian travel blog, DopesontheRoad.com. Meg is extremely gay and entirely addicted to travel. Like, we're talking Pride Parade gay - if they made a Meg Barbie her one accessory would be her rainbow flag and a copy of the feminist manifesto - THAT kinda gay. You can find her at home in Merida, Mexico or through her writings and ramblings @MegCale
3 Day LGBT Family Vacation Itinerary in Puerto Vallarta Mexico
Top 9 Instagram Photos of 2015
Washington DC Pride Guide 2016
Visiting Market in Lancaster Pennsylvania
on February 12, 2015 at 5:30 pm 
thanks for sharing those places I love the first one best its so elegant and stylish
on February 14, 2015 at 3:38 am 
No problem Lorrie 🙂 i’m glad you enjoyed it!
on February 12, 2015 at 8:15 pm 
Casa La Femme for me I think, although I’d love a week where I could try out a different one each night (and fit in a show or two as well!)
on February 13, 2015 at 12:44 am 
on February 13, 2015 at 1:53 am 
Love this. I always like to do brunch when I am traveling. Such a fun meal. Thanks for the suggestions.
on February 14, 2015 at 3:39 am 
Brunch is Key! Plus a great way to save on travel expenses. A large mid-day meal can count as two!
on February 13, 2015 at 11:26 am 
Thanks for all the tips! The Dream Downtown looks especially nice, though of course it’s hard to tell what the food is like. I’ll need to pin this post to my New York City board!
on February 14, 2015 at 3:35 am 
The Dream is a great place, though, it’s not for the faint of heart. Thanks for reading 🙂 & for the pin!
on February 13, 2015 at 5:10 pm 
What fun. I still remember the Sex in the City gals and their constant brunches. You’ve put theirs to shame – location, location, location.
on February 14, 2015 at 3:34 am 
Thank you Elaine! but no one can best Carrie Bradshaw 🙂
on February 13, 2015 at 5:39 pm 
I am from NY and haven’t tried any of these places haha. The red velvet waffles sound amazing. It is very true, NY has a lot of hidden things, you have to know what your looking for sometimes.
on February 14, 2015 at 3:34 am 
They are sooo good. Dangerously good. Some of my favorite places in NY were places I accidently stumbled on OR friends told me about. It’s all about being in the know. Thanks for reading 🙂
on February 20, 2015 at 10:46 am 
Yep, red velvet waffles are always a must.
I’m so loving brunches these days. I haven’t trotted around NYC in quite some time. It’s the perfect reason to come, well when it warms.
Welcome to Dopes on the Road! We're Meg and Lindsay and we've created DotR as a space dedicated to inspiring and equipping LGBT travelers to live a life of adventures. Take a look around and don't be afraid to say hi! 
 - Play For Our Team - 
What to do in Stockholm, the Lesbian Guide
What Can You Do About Gender Inequality in the LGBT Travel Industry?
Can’t Miss Water Parks in Texas
Top Outdoor Activities to Do in Texas
Norwegian Premium Review
10 Reasons Madrid is the #1 Lesbian Travel Destination
ALICE | GIRL WITH A SADDLE BAG
10 Reasons Madrid is the #1 Lesbian Travel Destination
10 Reasons Madrid is the #1 Lesbian Travel Destination
7 Reasons to Visit The Vatican While in Italy
13 Peru Vacation Tips to Save Time and Money